\documentclass[10pt]{article}
\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage{geometry,amsmath,amssymb,graphicx,hyperref,cleveref,xcolor,float,url}
\usepackage{tmlr}
% If accepted, instead use the following line for the camera-ready submission:
%\usepackage[accepted]{tmlr}
% To de-anonymize and remove mentions to TMLR (for example for posting to preprint servers), instead use the following:
%\usepackage[preprint]{tmlr}
\usepackage{natbib}

\newcommand{\fix}{\marginpar{FIX}}
\newcommand{\new}{\marginpar{NEW}}

\def\month{MM}  % Insert correct month for camera-ready version
\def\year{2024} % Insert correct year for camera-ready version
\def\openreview{\url{https://openreview.net/forum?id=XXXX}} % Insert correct link to OpenReview for camera-ready version


\newtheorem{claim}{Claim}

%%%%%%%%%% Start TeXmacs macros
\newcommand{\assign}{:=}
\newcommand{\mathe}{\mathrm{e}}
\newcommand{\tmaffiliation}[1]{\\ #1}
\newcommand{\tmdfn}[1]{\textbf{#1}}
\newcommand{\tmem}[1]{{\em #1\/}}
\newcommand{\tmmathbf}[1]{\ensuremath{\boldsymbol{#1}}}
\newcommand{\tmname}[1]{\textsc{#1}}
\newcommand{\tmop}[1]{\ensuremath{\operatorname{#1}}}
\newcommand{\tmrsup}[1]{\textsuperscript{#1}}
\newcommand{\tmstrong}[1]{\textbf{#1}}
\newcommand{\tmtt}[1]{\texttt{#1}}
\newcommand{\tmtextit}[1]{\text{{\itshape{#1}}}}
\newcommand{\todo}[1]{{\color{red!75!black}[To do: #1]}}
\newcommand{\python}[1]{\texttt{#1}}
%%%%%%%%%% End TeXmacs macros

\begin{document}

\title{[Re] Classwise-Shapley values for data valuation}

\author{
  Markus Semmler
  \tmaffiliation{appliedAI Initiative GmbH}
  \and
  Miguel de Benito Delgado
  \tmaffiliation{appliedAI Institute gGmbH}
}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
  We evaluate CS-Shapley, a data valuation method introduced in
  {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} for classification problems. We repeat the
  experiments in the paper, including two additional methods, the Least Core
  ({\cite{yan_if_2021}}) and Data Banzhaf ({\cite{wang_data_2022}}), a
  comparison not found in the literature. We include more conservative error
  estimates and additional metrics, like rank stability, and a
  variance-corrected version of Weighted Accuracy Drop, originally introduced
  in {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}. We conclude that while CS-Shapley helps
  in the scenarios it was originally tested in, in particular for the
  detection of corrupted labels, it is outperformed by the conceptually
  simpler Data Banzhaf in the task of detecting highly influential points.
\end{abstract}

\section{Definitions and notation}

We define {\tmdfn{data valuation}} as the task of assigning a scalar value to
training points which measures their contribution to the estimated performance
of a supervised machine learning model.\footnote{The field includes a wider
range of definitions of value. For an overview of goals and applications of
data valuation, we refer to {\cite{sim_data_2022}} as well as to the
documentation of {\tmname{PyDVL}} ({\cite{transferlab_pydvl_2022}}).} This
sets us in the framework of model-agnostic data valuation (in the sense that
any model can be used, but one is needed), and we specifically focus on the
class of marginal contribution-based methods. These define the {\tmdfn{value}}
of a datum $\tmmathbf{z}_i$ in the training set $T \assign \{ \tmmathbf{z}_i =
(\tmmathbf{x}_i, \tmmathbf{y}_i) : i = 1, \ldots, n \}$ as a function of its
{\tmdfn{marginal utility}}: This is the difference in performance when
training with and without $\tmmathbf{z}_i$, measured over a separate
{\tmdfn{valuation set}} $D$. A third set $D_{\tmop{test}}$ for testing is held
out and only used for final evaluation.

The simplest example of a valuation method based on marginal contributions is
{\tmdfn{Leave-One-Out (LOO)}}, which is defined as the marginal utility of
$\tmmathbf{z}_i$ for the whole $T$:
\begin{equation}
  v_{\mathrm{loo}} (\tmmathbf{z}_i) \assign u (T) - u
  (T\backslash\{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}), \label{eq:loo}
\end{equation}
where the {\tmdfn{utility}} $u = u_D : 2^T \rightarrow \mathbb{R}$ is the
performance of the model when trained on any $S \subseteq T$, measured on a
held-out {\tmdfn{valuation set}} $D$. The standard choice for $u$ in
classification is {\tmdfn{accuracy}}, while for regression one can take the
negative empirical risk. Because for large training sets $T$ the contribution
of single points will be vanishingly small, LOO is typically outperformed by
methods averaging many marginal contributions to different subsets of $T$.

Drawing from the literature in cooperative game theory, the seminal paper
{\tmname{Data-Shapley}} ({\cite{ghorbani_data_2019}}) takes a weighted mean
of the marginal utility for {\tmem{every}} subset $S \subseteq T\backslash \{
\tmmathbf{z}_i \}$, with weights given by the Shapley coefficients:
\begin{equation}
  v_{\tmop{shap}} (\tmmathbf{z}_i) \assign \frac{1}{n}  \sum_{S \subseteq
  T\backslash \{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}} \binom{n - 1}{| S |}^{- 1}  [u (S \cup
  \{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}) - u (S)] . \label{eq:shapley-value}
\end{equation}
Because of the exponential cost of $\mathcal{O} (2^{| T |})$ evaluations of
the utility (each of which entails retraining the model of interest), previous
work on Shapley value ({\cite{castro_polynomial_2009}}) had proposed
iterating over permutations to increase the accuracy of Monte Carlo estimates:
A random permutation of the index set of $T\backslash \{ \tmmathbf{z}_i \}$ is
sampled, and one iterates over the permutation, incrementally computing
marginal utilities. The authors of {\cite{ghorbani_data_2019}} truncate this
process after the inclusion of a new point results within a certain threshold
of the total utility. Their method {\tmdfn{Truncated Monte Carlo Shapley}}
(TMCS), can drastically reduce computation time.\footnote{The idea being that
as the size $k$ of the subsets $S$ grows towards $|D|$, individual points
contribute less and less to the performance of a model when trained on $S$, as
happens with LOO. Some estimates from stability theory show that it is
reasonable to expect an upper bound on the utility of $\mathcal{O} (1 / k)$.
It is interesting to note that diminishing returns apply also as $k$ decreases
to 0. This motivates computing \eqref{eq:shapley-value} for a certain range of
set sizes $|S| \in + [B_{\tmop{low}}, B_{\tmop{up}}]$, as proposed in
{\cite{watson_accelerated_2023}}. This idea is also behind the weighting
strategy of {\cite{kwon_beta_2022}} described later.}

This spurred a series of works proposing different Monte Carlo estimators
({\cite{okhrati_multilinear_2021}}), variations of the Shapley value
({\cite{kwon_efficient_2021}}), and other game-theoretic solution concepts
like the Least Core ({\cite{yan_if_2021,benmerzoug_re_2023}}) (LC in the
sequel), which we include in our analysis. Several sampling strategies to
reduce the variance of the Monte Carlo estimates exist
({\cite{wu_variance_2023,covert_stochastic_2024}}), but generalizations to
so-called {\tmdfn{semi-values}} are more successful. The idea is to change the
weights in \Cref{eq:shapley-value} with the goal of compensating for the
variance of $u (S)$, which typically increases with model capacity at low set
sizes $| S |$. Beta-Shapley ({\cite{kwon_beta_2022}}) gives more weight to
subsets $S$ in the lower- to mid-size range by using a Beta function for the
coefficients. A simpler approach, Data Banzhaf ({\cite{wang_data_2022}}) (DB
in the sequel), defined as follows, is of particular interest to our
analysis:\footnote{Despite the formulation with a sum over the powerset of
$T\backslash \{ \tmmathbf{z}_i \}$, as with most game-theoretic methods, in
practice one does not sample subsets $S$ directly but iterates over
permutations as described above.}
\begin{equation}
  v_{\tmop{bzf}} (\tmmathbf{z}_i) \assign \frac{1}{2^{n - 1}}  \sum_{S
  \subseteq T\backslash \{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}} [u (S \cup \{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}) -
  u (S)] . \label{eq:banzhaf-value}
\end{equation}
As mentioned, the main motivation behind DB is addressing the stochasticity in
$S \mapsto u (S)$ (cf. \Cref{sec:sources-of-randomness} for more on
randomness). Intuitively, the constant coefficients $2^{n - 1}$ are the best
one can do for general $u$, since given any weighting scheme, it is always
possible to adversarially construct a utility with high variance at the set
sizes with highest weights. The authors do indeed prove certain optimality
results wrt. a notion of stability in value rankings. We will see in the
experiments that this simple idea yields the best results in many
situations.\footnote{{\cite{li_robust_2023}} recently extended DB to
{\tmem{weighted}} Banzhaf values, but we were not able to include this method
in our experiments.}

Further lines of work tackle the exponential complexity by learning a model
for the utility after a few evaluations ({\cite{wang_improving_2022}}), or by
replacing the values with a proxy model altogether
{\cite{jia_scalability_2021}}. Alternative approaches avoid the cost of game
solution concepts altogether, like {\tmname{Data-OOB}}
{\cite{kwon_dataoob_2023}} which uses the out-of-bag error estimate of a
bagging model. Reformulations of Shapley like AME {\cite{lin_measuring_2022}}
use off-the-shelf models like {\tmname{Lasso}} to look for sparse solutions
with many points being assigned zero value, since one is typically interested
in the extreme situations.\footnote{This is by far not an exhaustive list, but
we want to restrict ourselves mostly to methods we discuss.}

In this context, {\tmname{CS-Shapley}} {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} (CS in
the sequel) appears as a valuation method based on Shapley values exclusively
designed for classification problems, and aware of the in-class and
out-of-class impact of training points. The core observation motivating the
work (\Cref{claim:detrimental-points}) is that mislabeled points can
simultaneously improve overall accuracy (the utility), while being detrimental
for the model's performance on the class they actually belong to. The authors
propose that a better definition of value should account for this phenomenon,
and introduce a novel utility \Cref{eq:cws-scorer} which considers the
positive or negative impact a datum has within its class and outside it.

To define CS, fix $\tmmathbf{z}_i = (\tmmathbf{x}_i, \tmmathbf{y}_i) \in T$
and split the valuation data into $D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}$, the data with the same
label as $\tmmathbf{x}_i$, and its complement $D_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i} \assign
D\backslash D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}$. Analogously, $T = T_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \uplus
T_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ is a partition into the subsets of all training data with
the same and different class than $\tmmathbf{y}_i$, respectively. Trained over
any $S \subseteq T$ the model has {\tmdfn{in-class accuracy}}: \footnote{We
follow the notation of {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, but observe that the
sub-index in $a_S$ is a variable. A more obvious notation would be $a (S,
D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i})$.} $a_S  (D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \assign \left( \text{\#
correct predictions over } D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \right) / |D|$, and
{\tmdfn{out-of-class accuracy}}: $a_S  (D_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \assign (\text{\#
correct predictions over } D_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) / |D|$. Given an arbitrary set
$S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i} \subseteq T_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$, the {\tmdfn{conditional
utility}} conditioned on $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ is defined for every
$S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \subseteq T_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ as:
\begin{equation}
  u (S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} |S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \assign a_S 
  (D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \mathe^{a_S  (D_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i})},
  \label{eq:cws-scorer}
\end{equation}
where we define $S \assign S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \cup S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ in
order to compute the accuracies.\footnote{There is a problem with the original
notation in the paper: In p. 4 it is stated that $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ is the
complement in $S$ of $S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}$, which is not what is intended.
Instead $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ is an arbitrary subset of
$T_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$.} Because of this form and $a_S (D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}) +
a_S (D_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \leqslant 1$, $a_S  (D_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i})$ is
controlled by $a_S  (D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i})$ in the sense that when the latter is
small, the effect of out-of-class accuracy on $u$ is negligible, cf.
{\citetext{\citealp{schoch_csshapley_2022}, Figure~2}}. In particular, even a
small in-class accuracy leads to greater utility than perfect out-of-class
accuracy, cf. {\citetext{\citealp{schoch_csshapley_2022}, Property~1, p. 5}}.
\ With these ingredients, {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} define the
{\tmdfn{conditional CS-Shapley value}} of $\tmmathbf{z}_i$ given
$S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ as:
\begin{equation}
  \phi (\tmmathbf{z}_i |S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \assign \sum_{S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}
  \subseteq T_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \backslash \{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}} \binom{|
  T_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} | - 1}{| S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} |}^{- 1}  [u
  (S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \cup \{\tmmathbf{z}_i \}|S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) - u
  (S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} |S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i})] . \label{eq:conditional-cws}
\end{equation}
Finally, the {\tmdfn{CS-Shapley value}} is an average over all possible
{\tmdfn{out-of-class environments}} $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$:
\begin{equation}
  v (\tmmathbf{z}_i) \assign \frac{1}{2^{|T_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i} |}} 
  \sum_{S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i} \subseteq T_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}} \phi
  (\tmmathbf{z}_i |S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}) . \label{eq:cws-value}
\end{equation}
In practice, this sum is approximated in Monte Carlo fashion with a few
hundred $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$. For each $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$, sampling of the
$S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \subseteq T_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \backslash \{\tmmathbf{z}_i
\}$ is not done from the powerset as suggested by \Cref{eq:conditional-cws},
but following the permutation approach first proposed in
{\cite{castro_polynomial_2009}}. In the implementation of
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} and ours, one permutation per set is used.

\section{Scope of the reproduction}

In this report, we set to verify the main claims of
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, incorporating two additional methods: Least
Core ({\cite{yan_if_2021}}) and DB ({\cite{wang_data_2022}}), which led to
some unexpected results. To the best of our knowledge, this represents the
first direct comparison of DB with other methods in the tasks described in
\Cref{sec:evaluation-data-val}. This work also extends the evaluation of LC
conducted in {\cite{yan_if_2021}} and replicates the findings of
{\cite{benmerzoug_re_2023}} across many more datasets and scenarios. Finally,
we strive to provide more accurate error estimates and include additional
metrics.

{\claim{\label{claim:detrimental-points}{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}
Training points can be simultaneously beneficial for average accuracy, and
detrimental for in-class accuracy. A valuation method accounting for this
should perform better than one that does not.}}

This observation is backed by {\citetext{\citealp{schoch_csshapley_2022},
Figure~1}}, using one point and one set. How often does it happen that the
marginal global accuracy of a datum is positive, but the marginal in-class
accuracy is negative, and vice versa? And, how do these situations correlate
with better performance of CS wrt. other methods? We address these questions
in \Cref{sec:dataset-characteristics}.

{\claim{\label{claim:cs-outperforms}{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} CS is
generally better suited for classification problems.}}

We find that it is in fact DB which outperforms all methods in the detection
of highly influential points, except in the case of highly imbalanced multiple
classes, although it fails to do so in noise detection. See
\Cref{sec:evaluation-data-val} for a description of these tasks, and
\Cref{sec:high-value,sec:noise-detection} for the conclusions.

{\claim{\label{claim:cs-transferability}{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} Data
values can be successfully transferred across classifiers, including to neural
models.}}

We partially verify the claim for one scenario in \Cref{sec:value-transfer},
but observe that the signal is rather small, if at all present in many cases.
Using a second target classifier, we observe an almost complete failure to
transfer values. This does not correlate with any obvious characteristic of
the data, like class imbalance or the prevalence of the property described in
\Cref{claim:detrimental-points}, leaving open for a practitioner the
fundamental question of what source model to use for value transfer for a
particular dataset.

Additionally, we observe the following (these claims are our own):

{\claim{Under full randomness of data sampling, subset sampling, and training
method, CS tends to exhibit higher variance than most other methods in the
point removal task.}}

When we resample the datasets for each experiment run, we note that the
behaviour of CS is more strongly affected by the training / valuation / test
split than other methods. This is of relevance since in practice,
cross-validation of values is computationally prohibitive. Nevertheless, we
observed that the general trends were respected across splits.

{\claim{Under similar computational budgets, DB is preferable to all other
methods for the identification of highly influential points, while CS is for
the detection of corrupted ones.}}

We substantiate this in \Cref{sec:high-value} and \Cref{sec:noise-detection}.

{\claim{A modified version of the metric WAD (cf.
\Cref{sec:evaluation-data-val}) is better suited for quantitative comparison
of valuation methods.}}

We address this in \Cref{sec:wad}.

\section{Methodology}

We run all experiments on the same datasets and models as
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, adding two new valuation methods. Details of
the datasets, and parameters of the classifiers and valuation methods follow.

\subsection{Datasets}

Datasets are from {\tmname{openml}} ({\cite{vanschoren_openml_2013}}). All
but {\tmname{Covertype}} and {\tmname{MNIST-multi}} are for binary
classification. Stratified sampling was used for the splits to maintain label
distribution. Image datasets underwent feature extraction using
{\tmname{ResNet-18}}, then dimensionality reduction using 32 PCA components.

\begin{table}[h]
  \begin{tabular}{rccccccc}
    Dataset & Type & Features & Instances & \%positive & Training & Valuation
    & Test\\
    \hline
    Diabetes & tabular & 8 & 768 & 65.1 & 128 & 128 & 512\\
    Click & tabular & 9\tmrsup{$\star$} & 3000 & 95.5 & 500 & 500 & 2000\\
    Covertype & tabular & 54 & 3000 & ($\natural$) & 500 & 500 & 2000\\
    CPU\tmrsup{$\dagger$} & tabular & 21 & 3000 & 46.7 & 500 & 500 & 2000\\
    Phoneme & tabular & 5 & 3000 & 70.6 & 500 & 500 & 2000\\
    FMNIST\tmrsup{$\dagger \dagger$} & image & 32 & 3000 & 50 & 500 & 500 &
    2000\\
    CIFAR10\tmrsup{$\dagger \dagger \dagger$} & image & 32 & 3000 & 50 & 500 &
    500 & 2000\\
    MNIST-binary\tmrsup{$\dagger \dagger \dagger \dagger$} & image & 32 & 3000
    & 51.9 & 500 & 500 & 2000\\
    MNIST-multi & image & 32 & 3000 & ($\natural \natural$) & 500 & 500 & 2000
  \end{tabular}
  \caption{Datasets used. ($\star$) 11 features declared online, but 9
  effective after fetching using the openml library. ($\dagger$) CPU is
  originally a regression dataset, binarized using the threshold 89. ($\dagger
  \dagger$) FMNIST is restricted to the classes ``t-shirt and tops'' vs
  ``shirts''. ($\dagger \dagger \dagger$) CIFAR10 is restricted to the classes
  ``automobile'' vs ``truck''. ($\dagger \dagger \dagger \dagger$)
  MNIST-binary is MNIST restricted to the classes ``1'' vs ``7''. ($\natural$)
  Covertype is highly imbalanced with 7 classes with frequencies 36.5\% /
  48.8\% / 6.2\% / 0.5\% / 1.6\% / 3\% / 3.5\%. ($\natural \natural$)
  MNIST-multi has 10 classes with almost equal frequencies.}
\end{table}

\subsection{Valuation methods tested}

Parameters for all methods were taken as suggested in
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} or the corresponding papers. Convergence
criteria for the methods were kept as consistent as possible by stopping
computation after the value for every training point had been updated at least
a fixed amount of times.

\begin{table}[h]
  \begin{tabular}{llll}
    {\color[HTML]{000000}}Method & Convergence crit. & Utility evaluations &
    Parameters\\
    \hline
    LOO & NA\tmrsup{$\dagger$} & $| T | + 1$ & NA\\
    TMCS ({\cite{ghorbani_data_2019}}) & {\small{{\python{MinUpdates>500}}}}
    & $\sim K | T |$ & $\varepsilon = 10^{- 4}$\\
    BetaShap ({\cite{kwon_beta_2022}}) & {\small{{\python{MinUpdates>500}}}}
    & $\sim K | T |$ & $\alpha = 16, \beta = 1$\\
    CS-Shapley ({\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}) &
    {\small{{\python{MinUpdates>500}}}} & $\sim RK | T | / 2$\tmrsup{$\dagger
    \dagger$} & $\varepsilon = 10^{- 4}, K = 1$\\
    Data Banzhaf ({\cite{wang_data_2022}}) &
    {\small{{\python{MinUpdates>500}}}} & $\sim K | T |$ & \\
    Least Core ({\cite{yan_if_2021}}) & NA & $\sim K$ & $K = 5000$
    constraints
  \end{tabular}
  \caption{Methods evaluated. Convergence criteria as provided by
  {\tmname{pyDVL}} ({\cite{transferlab_pydvl_2022}}). See the text for
  details on each method. ($\dagger$) ``NA'' = Not Applicable. ($\dagger
  \dagger$) $| T | / 2$ is the expected size of a set $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$
  sampled from $2^T$, and hence of its complement. $K$ is the number of
  samples taken, i.e. of permutations for all methods, except for Least Core,
  where we sample from the powerset. For CS-Shapley, $R$ is the number of
  context samples $S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$.}
\end{table}

\paragraph{Leave-One-Out:}Baseline, no parameters. Values given by
\Cref{eq:loo}.

\paragraph{Truncated Monte Carlo Shapley, TMCS
({\cite{ghorbani_data_2019}}):}This was the first efficient Shapley-based
method and remains one of the most effective approximations. It iterates over
permutations of the index set of $T$ to reduce variance of the Monte Carlo
estimate, and heuristic stopping to reduce computation. For every permutation,
marginal utilities are calculated incrementally using the next index in the
permutation. The process is stopped early for a permutation when the relative
change in marginal utility is below a threshold $\varepsilon$.

\paragraph{Beta Shapley, BS ({\cite{kwon_beta_2022}}):}A semi-value approach
like TMCS, where the weights for the marginal utilities are defined using a
Beta function. For the parameters we use the best values according to the
paper, $\alpha = 16$ and $\beta = 1$.

\paragraph{CS-Shapley, CS ({\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}):}The key parameter
mentioned in the paper is the number $R$ of context samples
$S_{-\tmmathbf{y}_i}$, which we mimic with {\small{{\python{MinUpdates}}}}.
For each one of these, one permutation of $S_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}$ is used.
Additionally, a threshold is used to compare the absolute difference between
value estimates and update the values. Finally, there are two minor variants
of the algorithm not detailed in the paper. Their implementation does not
condition on sets $S$ with $| S | < c - 1$, where $c$ is the number of
classes, which for binary problems means that one never conditions on the
empty set. We use the default in {\tmname{pyDVL}} which does not include this
restriction, hence sometimes conditioning on $S = \emptyset$ and setting $u
(\emptyset |S) = u (S)$. We tested both without observing major differences.

\paragraph{Data Banzhaf, DB ({\cite{wang_data_2022}}):}A semi-value approach
with constant weights. The idea is that for any particular choice of weights
there will always be a utility function for which they perform poorly, thus
making a constant the best choice. In particular wrt. rank stability of the
methods, see \Cref{fig:rank-stability}. The paper introduces an efficient
sampling technique, dubbed Maximum Sample Reuse, which we did not use, for the
sake of better comparison. We believe that it should be part of a future
benchmark.

\paragraph{Least-Core, LC ({\cite{yan_if_2021}}):}Another game-theoretic
approach. It computes values with a stability property called
{\tmdfn{Coalitional Rationality}}, which ensures (in the exact case) that
every subset is assigned an aggregate value at least as large as its
utility.\footnote{This principle guarantees that each group is compensated
with at least the value it brings in terms of the specified utility. This is
deemed particularly relevant when compensating multiple data providers: as a
purchaser, one would seek a system of credit allocation that motivates the
contribution of data. However, we do not believe LC or Shapley-based methods
to be relevant in data markets for practical reasons like the scarcity of
data, which translates into highly unstable and potential unfair valuations,
and the concentrated distribution of values, which make noise a major issue
(because only those at the extrema are separated enough to be robust against
randomness in the utility, cf. \Cref{fig:value-decay}).} Given the different
nature of the algorithm, which solves a linear program and cannot use the same
convergence criteria, we arbitrarily choose $K = 5000$ constraints to keep
run-time manageable.\footnote{A natural choice would be $K = 25000$
constraints, in order to have a similar number of evaluations to Beta Shapley,
TMCS and Data Banzhaf. However, the solvers often failed to converge and we
had to reduce the number of constraints, settling in the end for 5000. Given
that LC was not the focus of this reproduction, we decided to postpone
investigation of this issue.}

\subsection{Models for value computation}

Values are computed using each of the models in \Cref{tab:models-for-values}
with the given parameter choices.

\begin{table}[h]
  \begin{tabular}{ll}
    {\tmstrong{Model}} & {\tmstrong{Changed parameters}}\\
    \hline
    Logistic regression & {\small{{\python{solver='liblinear'}}}}\\
    Gradient Boosting classifier & {\small{{\python{n\_estimators=40}},
    {\python{min\_samples\_leaf=6}}, {\python{maxdepth=2}}}}\\
    K-Nearest Neighbours & {\small{{\python{n\_neighbors=5}},
    {\python{weights='uniform'}}}}\\
    SVM & {\small{{\python{kernel='rbf'}}}}
  \end{tabular}
  \caption{\label{tab:models-for-values}Models used to compute values and
  changes made to the default parameters in {\tmname{scikit-learn}} 1.2.2.}
\end{table}

\subsection{Tasks for the evaluation of data valuation
methods}\label{sec:evaluation-data-val}

Data valuation is particularly useful for data selection, pruning and
inspection in general. For this reason, the most common benchmarks are
{\tmdfn{data removal}} and {\tmdfn{noisy label detection}}. We describe these
and related ones here, and present the results in \Cref{sec:results}.

\paragraph{High-value point removal.}(\Cref{sec:high-value}) After computing
the values for all data in $T = \{ \tmmathbf{z}_i : i = 1, \ldots, n \}$, the
set is sorted by decreasing value. We denote by $T_{[i :]}$ the sorted
sequence of points $(\tmmathbf{z}_i, \tmmathbf{z}_{i + 1}, \ldots,
\tmmathbf{z}_n)$ for $1 \leqslant i \leqslant n$. Now train successively $f_{T
[i :]}$ and compute its accuracy $a_{T_{[i :]}} (D_{\tmop{test}})$ on the
held-out test set, then plot all numbers. By using $D_{\tmop{test}}$ one
approximates the expected accuracy drop on unseen data. Because the points
removed have a high value, one expects performance to drop visibly wrt. a
random baseline.

\paragraph{Low-value point removal.} The complementary experiment removes data
in increasing order, with lowest valued points first. Here one expects
performance to increase relatively to randomly removing points before
training. Additionally, every real dataset will include slightly
out-of-distribution points, so one should also expect an absolute increase in
performance when some of the lowest valued points are removed.

\paragraph{Value transfer.}(\Cref{sec:value-transfer}) This experiment
explores the extent to which data values computed with one (cheap) model can
be transferred to another (potentially more complex) one. Different
classifiers are used as a source to calculate data values. These values are
then used in the point removal tasks described above, but using a different
(target) model for evaluation of the accuracies $a_{T [i :]}$. A multi-layer
perceptron is added for evaluation as well.

\paragraph{Noisy label detection.}(\Cref{sec:noise-detection}) This experiment
tests the ability of a method to detect mislabeled instances in the data. A
fixed fraction $\alpha$ of the training data are picked at random and their
labels flipped. Data values are computed, then the $\alpha$-fraction of
lowest-valued points are selected, and the overlap with the subset of flipped
points is computed.\footnote{This synthetic experiment is however hard to put
into practical use, since the fraction $\alpha$ is of course unknown in
practice.}

\paragraph{Rank stability.}(\Cref{sec:rank-stability}) Following
{\cite{wang_data_2022}}, we look at how stable the top $k$\% of the values is
across runs. Rank stability of a method is necessary but not sufficient for
good results. Ideally one wants to identify high-value points reliably (good
precision and recall) and consistently (good rank stability).

\paragraph{Weighted Accuracy Drop.}(\Cref{sec:wad}) While not a new task, the
authors of {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} introduce the metric
{\tmdfn{Weighted Accuracy Drop}} ({\tmname{WAD}}) as an aggregate way of
measuring performance drop in high-value point removal with a single scalar.
Given a fixed valuation method, with the notation above:

\begin{equation}
  \label{eq:wad} \tmop{WAD} (T) \assign \sum_{j = 1}^n \frac{1}{j}  \sum_{t =
  1}^j (a_{T_{[t :]}} - a_{T_{[t + 1 :]}}) \approx (\log (n) + C) a_{T_{[1
  :]}} - \sum_{j = 1}^n \frac{1}{j} a_{T_{[j + 1 :]}},
\end{equation}

where we simplified the expression by using the telescopic nature of the inner
sum, and the classical approximation of the harmonic series for large $n$,
with $C > 0$ a constant. This weighted mean places more weight on training
with the highest valued points, where one hopes to see the highest decrease in
accuracy. Note that under the third randomness scenario, i.e. when keeping all
but the inner sampling of methods constant, the value $a_{T [1 :]}$ will be
equal for all methods compared, making the first term a constant shift, and
the second term the only effective one.\footnote{This changes however if one
retrains with different seeds to compute accuracies.}

While WAD is convenient for comparison, and it is possible to add confidence
intervals as in \Cref{fig:wad-lr-lr}, we find that it has several drawbacks.
First, it is effectively a weighted mean of the tail accuracies $a_{T [j + 1
:]}$, for which one could argue that stronger decays make more sense (maybe
even clipping). More importantly, it does not take into account the
heteroscedasticity of the accuracy. In \Cref{fig:acc-lr-lr} we can see that
the 95\% CI tends to grow as data are removed from $T$, possibly reflecting
the fact that after the few initial high values, many are very small, inducing
changes in their ranking (see \Cref{fig:value-decay} for the distribution of
values).

\paragraph{Variance Adjusted Relative Weighted Accuracy Drop.}For the
aforementioned reason, we propose an adjustment based on the standard error.
We also compare to random values at the same time step, an approach we believe
to be more informative and easier to interpret. Finally, we keep the
hyperbolic decay rate for a closer comparison to WAD, and to avoid an
additional degree of freedom choosing decay rates.

Let the valuation methods be indexed with $k \in \{ 0, \ldots, m \}$, where $k
= 0$ is random valuation. Let $p \in \{ 1, \ldots, n_{\tmop{runs}} \}$ index
runs. Our proposed metric {\tmname{VarWAD}} for run $p$ and method $k > 0$ is
defined as the average weighted difference to the mean performance achieved
with random values:
\begin{equation}
  \tmop{VarWAD} (T, p, k) \assign \sum_{t = 1}^n w_k (t)  (a_{T^p_k [t :]} -
  \overline{a}_{T_0 [t :]}), \label{eq:varwad}
\end{equation}
where $\overline{a}_{T_k [t :]} \assign \frac{1}{n_{\tmop{runs}}}  \sum_{p =
1}^{n_{\tmop{runs}}} a_{T_k^p [t :]}$ is the average performance of the
(fixed) model when trained on the subsets of $T$ from the $t$-th index
onwards, as sorted by decreasing value by method $k$ in all runs $p$. The
differences are weighted by hyperbolic decay like WAD, and by standard error
at each time-step across all runs: $w_k (t) \assign (1 - \tilde{s}_k (t)) /
t$, where $\tilde{s}_k (t) = \frac{s_k (t)}{\max_t s_k (t)}$ is the normalized
standard error $s_k (t)$ across runs at time-step $t$ for method $k$. The
effect of this correction is to further reduce contributions where noise is
high, and to set them to 0 when it is at its maximum.

\subsection{Randomness in value computations}\label{sec:sources-of-randomness}

There are three potential sources of randomness that affect the computation of
Shapley-like values. The first two stem from the stochasticity of model
performance, while the last one is due to the Monte Carlo approximations of
the value:
\begin{enumerate}
  \item For a fixed $S \subseteq T$, the utility $u (S)$ is affected by the
  randomness in the training algorithm mapping $S \mapsto f_S$. E.g. for SGD,
  different initial weights, and different sequences of minibatches $(B_j)_{j
  = 1}^N \subseteq S$ will produce different models $f_S$.\footnote{In our
  experiments this is however not the case for most models}
  
  \item For a fixed, trained model $f_S $, there will be noise in the
  computation of the score. E.g. the accuracy $a_D (S)$ is an empirical risk
  estimate for some loss $l$ (e.g. 0-1 loss), and the distance to the true
  {\tmdfn{generalization error}} $\mathbb{E}_{X, Y} [l (f_S (X), Y)]$ will
  depend on the choice of valuation set $D$.
  
  \item The set of samples $\{ S_j \subseteq T : j = 1, \ldots, M \}$ used to
  approximate the sums \Cref{eq:conditional-cws} and \Cref{eq:cws-value}.
\end{enumerate}
If one is interested in evaluating the convergence properties of a certain
valuation method (e.g. how good the Monte Carlo approximation is), one must
focus on the third item. One freezes the dataset split, the choice of subsets
$\{ S_j \subseteq T : j = 1, \ldots, M \}$ and utility computations $u (S_j)$
(which is equivalent to retraining with the same sequence of batches /
initialization / random seed), and computes the different values with these
fixed. A new run of the experiment will keep the split, but sample the subsets
$S_j$ anew and compute any new utilities $u (S_j)$, reusing the results for
all valuation methods. This is the approach we follow whenever possible.

However, the above procedure can produce results which are misleading from a
practitioner's point of view. If interested in the performance ``in the
wild'', one wants to at least consider the sensitivity of the method to the
variance in the estimation of generalization error, mainly in order to
understand the impact that the size of $D$ has.\footnote{Note that it is not
the magnitude of this error in itself, but the variation in value ranking as a
function of the choice of $D$ that is of interest. Note also that we are
assuming i.i.d. samples but of course $D$ might contain outliers, and
mislabeled or corrupt data, thus distorting value computations.} In addition,
it is crucial to consider the stability of the valuation procedure wrt. noise
in $u (S)$, e.g. for unstable stochastic training procedures. As discussed
above, methods like Beta-Shapley and DB try to tackle this with better choices
for the weights of marginal contributions.

\subsection{Implementation details}

We ran all experiments with the method implementations available in the open
source library {\tmname{PyDVL}} v0.8.0 ({\cite{transferlab_pydvl_2022}}), on
several high-cpu VMs of a cloud vendor. We initially used {\tmname{DVC}} to
organize the experiment pipelines, but lock-file writing times after each
combination of parameters where too long (in the several minutes each time).
Despite a ramdisk being a potential workaround, this motivated a switch to
{\tmname{MLFlow}} ({\cite{wilson_mlflow_2023}}). Code for all our experiments
is available in {\todo{}}, including both setups. In order to best compare
methods and maximally reuse computation, we employed {\tmname{PyDVL}}'s
caching strategies for the utility function.

We consistently observed some discrepancies between the results in
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} and ours, namely different baseline
performance of the classifiers across several experiments. We presume
different pre-processing or sampling strategies to be the cause but found the
issue of no consequence for the purposes of this report.

\section{Results}\label{sec:results}

We repeat all experiments 20 times, keeping the data splits constant and
reusing utility computations whenever possible. All plots use 95\% centered
percentile bootstrap confidence intervals with 10000 samples, unless otherwise
stated. This approach is better suited than Normal CIs for random variables
that are not normally distributed (like accuracy numbers) and for which only a
few data are available. The consequence is that our confidence intervals tend
to be larger than those seen in {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} and other
literature.

Box plots display 1st and 3rd bootstrap quartiles, also using 10000 samples.

\subsection{Dataset characteristics}\label{sec:dataset-characteristics}

We start with \Cref{claim:detrimental-points}, namely the existence of a
certain type of points in datasets and the suitability of CS to address it. We
look at aggregate statistics over subsets of $T$: we compute in-class accuracy
$a_S  (D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i}) \assign \left( \text{\# correct predictions over }
D_{\tmmathbf{y}_i} \right) / |D|$, and global accuracy changes for each
training point, averaged over subsets $S \subseteq T$. By using constant
coefficients in the averages, they coincide with Banzhaf values
$v_{\tmop{in}}$, $v_{\tmop{glob}}$ for the respective within-class, and global
accuracy utilities. We look at the fraction of points in each dataset that
have either $v_{\tmop{in}} > \varepsilon$ and $v_{\tmop{glob}} > \varepsilon$,
or $v_{\tmop{in}} < - \varepsilon$ and $v_{\tmop{glob}} > \varepsilon$, for
various values of $\varepsilon > 0$. Such points are globally useful to the
model but either beneficial (denoted {\tmtt{>>}}), or detrimental (denoted
{\tmtt{<>}}) to their own class, respectively. CS is designed to give more
weight to the former than to the latter and is expected to excel for datasets
in which the latter abound.

In \Cref{fig:dataset-characteristics} we see that {\tmname{CPU}},
{\tmname{Diabetes}}, {\tmname{FMNIST-binary}} and {\tmname{MNIST-binary}}
contain non-negligible amounts of points of type {\tmtt{<>}}, sometimes as
much as roughly 40\% as many as of type {\tmtt{>>}}. However, despite
suggestive trends, there is no clear correlation between the frequency (and
magnitude) of the phenomenon, and the gain in performance of CS wrt. other
methods, as can be seen e.g. in \Cref{fig:acc-lr-lr,fig:varwad-lr-lr}: for
{\tmname{CPU}} and {\tmname{Diabetes}}, CS seems to leverage the presence of
{\tmtt{<>}} points, but this is no longer the case for
{\tmname{FMNIST-binary}}, and also not exclusive of these datasets. This
rather inconclusive result leaves open the question of how much of an effect
the utility \Cref{eq:cws-scorer} has, within the many sources of uncertainty
involved.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/threshold_characteristics/threshold_characteristics.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:dataset-characteristics}Prevalence of data which
  positively or negatively affects in-class accuracy while increasing global
  accuracy. The abscissa is change in average marginal accuracy. A point on
  the {\tmtt{<>}} curve at $(x, y)$ means that a fraction $y \in [0, 1]$ of
  the data simultaneously induce a marginal in-class accuracy decrease and a
  global accuracy increase of $x$, averaged over multiple subsets $S \subseteq
  T$. We note that, surprisingly, the class {\tmtt{><}} (not plotted) contains
  anywhere from 10 to 35\% of samples for most datasets at $\varepsilon = 0$.
  For the particular case of {\tmname{Click}}, almost 50\% of the samples are
  in {\tmtt{<<}}, possibly indicating that the model lacks capacity}
\end{figure}

\subsection{High-value point removal}\label{sec:high-value}

We continue with \Cref{claim:cs-outperforms}. In \Cref{fig:acc-lr-lr} we are
able to reproduce the experiment in {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, albeit
with wider confidence intervals and some spurious differences. The exception
is {\tmname{Click}}, where we believe class imbalance to distort results:
despite our best efforts, and stratified sampling, all methods except for DB
fail completely at the task for this dataset. Experimentation with multiple
training set splits (not depicted) shows that the general trends are respected
under full randomness, indicating that for the remaining datasets, differences
to {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}} are mostly artifacts of the data split. We
refer to \Cref{app:high-value} for the evaluation with other models.

Qualitatively, CS is outperformed by the newly added method, DB, on 8 out of 9
datasets, as seen by the sharp initial decrease in accuracies. LC fails to
perform in several cases with the notable exception of {\tmname{Phoneme}},
where it is unexpectedly on par with DB. For a summary evaluation with WAD and
VarWAD see \Cref{sec:wad}.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_logistic_regression.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:acc-lr-lr}Accuracy drop of a logistic regression model,
  for values computed using logistic regression. $x$-axis is number of
  highest-value samples removed from the training set.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Value transfer}\label{sec:value-transfer}

For \Cref{claim:cs-transferability}, we transfer values from each of the 4
models to the remaining ones, plus a neural network, resulting in a matrix of
20 experiments. For brevity, we report only on the transfer from logistic
regression, to a neural network, and a gradient boosting classifier for
evaluation, which the situation of interest: cheap value computation,
expensive evaluation. For the remaining experiments, we refer to
\Cref{app:value-transfer}.

With the neural network as target (\Cref{fig:transfer-lr-mlp}), we observe
similar behaviour as {\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, again with the exception
of the dataset {\tmname{Click}}. In our case the addition of DB changes again
the landscape, since it does better in 8 out of 9 datasets. Interestingly, CS
excels at the imbalanced multi-class problem. The trends are similar for all
other transfers to the neural network.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_mlp.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:transfer-lr-mlp}Accuracy drop of a fully connected
  neural network, for values computed using logistic regression.}
\end{figure}

For the transfer to a gradient boosting classifier
(\Cref{fig:transfer-lr-gb}), we experience much higher variance than
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, leading to the conclusion that {\tmem{all}}
methods are ineffective for all but 3 datasets. In particular, we see
negligible initial performance drop for 4 out of 9 datasets and all methods,
invalidating the claim that the most influential samples are assigned the
highest values. These, and similar mixed results for other models lead us to
question the practicality of value transfer across models.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_gradient_boosting_classifier.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:transfer-lr-gb}Accuracy drop of a gradient boosting
  classifier, for values computed using logistic regression.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Noise detection}\label{sec:noise-detection}

We see slightly different results from those in
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}: TMCS tends to perform as well as, or better
than CS in most cases, while Beta Shapley does much worse. This is best seen
in the AUC box plot of \Cref{fig:auc-lr}, where median AUC for TMCS is
typically better than for CS. Interestingly, the two cases where CS clearly
wins are the imbalanced datasets {\tmname{Click}} and {\tmname{Covertype}}.

Finally, we observe that DB performs quite poorly, indicating insensitivity to
label corruption. It is unclear why this happens, but our best guess for this
phenomenon is that given a small fraction $\alpha$ of corrupted labels, they
will be poorly represented among the smaller sample sizes $| S |$, and have
negligible effect on the utility for the larger subsets, where they appear
more often, while always being weighted with the same coefficients.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/noise_removal/logistic_regression/curves/precision_recall.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:precision-recall-lr}Precision-Recall curve for noisy
  label detection using logistic regression and 20\% of the labels corrupted.
  {\tmdfn{Precision}} is the fraction of noisy samples among the top $k$
  values. {\tmdfn{Recall}} is the fraction of all noisy samples identified.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/noise_removal/logistic_regression/boxplots/roc_auc.precision_recall.box.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:auc-lr}AUC for \Cref{fig:precision-recall-lr}, noise
  detection with values computed using logistic regression.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{WAD and VarWAD}\label{sec:wad}

Following the discussion in \Cref{sec:evaluation-data-val}, we compute WAD
(with additional error bars) in \Cref{fig:wad-lr-lr} for the same high-value
removal task of \Cref{sec:high-value}. We then compare this to VarWAD
\Cref{eq:varwad}, which we propose as a more informative measure of aggregate
performance, that better reflects the variability in performance drop

To see this, consider dataset {\tmname{Click}} in
\Cref{fig:acc-lr-lr,fig:wad-lr-lr,fig:varwad-lr-lr}: DB exhibits much better
performance than other methods, albeit with high variability, and yet WAD
reports similar values. VarWAD more accurately depicts the situation setting
DB apart, while correctly reporting on its high variance. We have a similar
situation in {\tmname{MNIST-multi}}, where WAD incorrectly ranks TMCS above
DB, but VarWAD yields the intuitively correct ordering. Or in {\tmname{CPU}},
where LC is relocated ahead of Beta Shapley, swapping the order reported by
WAD.

While we believe VarWAD tends to provide a more useful description of the
situation, these are all qualitative observations and somewhat arbitrary
choices. It is thus important to design better metrics to compare these
methods.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/boxplots/geometric_weighted_drop.weighted_accuracy_drop_logistic_regression.box.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:wad-lr-lr}WAD for all datasets. Values computed with a
  logistic regression utility and performance drop of a logistic regression
  model. Because we have fixed the dataset split and reuse utility values, LOO
  exhibits no variance.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/boxplots/varwad-logistic_regression.box.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:varwad-lr-lr}VarWAD for logistic regression values and
  point removal using logistic regression for evaluation as depicted in
  \Cref{fig:acc-lr-lr}. Positive numbers indicate relative improvement wrt. to
  random values. Because we have fixed the dataset split and reuse utility
  values, LOO exhibits no variance.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Rank stability}\label{sec:rank-stability}

A crucial question in practice is how stable is the ranking of training points
by values across runs. We look at this in \Cref{fig:rank-stability} by
plotting the percentage of indices among the top $k$\% which consistently make
it to these top positions, across all runs. A value of 100\% for any given $k$
means then that the top $k$\% indices by value remain constant in every
execution of the method.

The first observation is that both Beta Shapley and TMCS entirely fail to keep
any fraction of points among the highest valued across runs. This instability
accounts for their inability to induce stark changes in accuracy when removing
the first points, as seen in \Cref{sec:high-value}. Next we remark an
intriguing phenomenon, namely CS being more stable than DB despite the latter
being specifically designed with this in mind and also outperforming the
former in high-value removal. We can propose the following explanation for the
second fact: DB is noisier but selects better points. This is corroborated by
the faster drop and wider confidence intervals seen in \Cref{fig:acc-lr-lr}.

Generally speaking, we observe however poor stability across all datasets and
methods. Given that the model used is deterministic, this means that the given
computational budget is insufficient for accurate value estimation. This being
a reproduction, we remained faithful to the setup in
{\cite{schoch_csshapley_2022}}, but believe that a better practical
understanding of sample complexity is required for applications. For
deterministic methods, {\cite{maleki_bounding_2014}} were the first to
provide Hoeffding-type bounds, which imply up to two orders of magnitude more
Monte Carlo samples for an approximation with $\varepsilon = 0.01$ accuracy
with probability 0.95. The most influential constant in the bound is a factor
$\varepsilon^{- 2}$, and the choice of this tolerance will depend on the
number of training points. For Shapley values, larger datasets imply shorter
intervals between values because of the {\tmem{efficiency
axiom}}.\footnote{This axiom states that the sum of all the values must equal
the total utility, and is fulfilled by Shapley values. For ML applications it
has been argued that it is not essential to ``distribute'' a fixed amount of
utility among all training points {\cite{kwon_beta_2022}}, and semi-values
like BS or DB dispense with it.} But more importantly it will also depend on
the rank, because most values are concentrated around zero and with very
little distance between each other, as seen in \Cref{fig:value-decay}. Further
bounds in the literature prove even harder to apply in practice, e.g. those in
{\cite{watson_accelerated_2023}}. All this means that it is in fact very
difficult to choose the constants a priori. And the situation in the case of
stochastic utilities is clearly even worse, as explained in
{\cite{wang_data_2022}}.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/curves/rank_stability.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:rank-stability}Rank stability of all methods. Percentage
  of indices ($y$-axis) that remain among the top $k$\% ($x$-axis) across all
  20 runs. Values computed using a logistic regression model. LOO is excluded
  because its rank stability curves are essentially flat at 1, due to the
  training set split (which we keep constant) being the almost unique source
  of randomness for LOO. Similarly we leave out random values which clearly
  have no stability.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Value decay}\label{sec:value-decay}

We conclude with an exploration of the value distributions over different
datasets. Values tend to concentrate around the extrema, following a shape
like the tangent function. Because of noise, mid-range values are then
typically not informative.\footnote{We note in passing that the changes in
curvature of the value decay function might be good spots to pick for
automatic threshold selection in high-/low-value sample identification.}
Contrary to our expectation, we observe no clear correlation between the
concentration of values and their rank stability or the method's performance.

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/logistic_regression/curves/value_decay-half.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:value-decay}Value decay ($y$-axis) for all methods.
  $x$-axis is value rank. Values computed on a logistic regression model,
  sorted decreasingly and normalized for comparison. \ 99\% $t$-student
  confidence interval over 20 runs.}
\end{figure}

\section{Discussion}

As is often the case with data valuation methods, the multiple sources of
randomness make it difficult to draw clear-cut conclusions. We have attempted
to isolate the evaluation of convergence properties of the methods, as
described in \Cref{sec:sources-of-randomness}, but the fact remains that
stochasticity in $u (S)$ due to training or evaluation is the major hurdle
(besides time complexity) that Shapley-based valuation methods face. An
interesting path to explore pointed to us by a reviewer would be to use
different weighting scheme in \Cref{eq:conditional-cws} and
\Cref{eq:cws-value}, perhaps leading to a class-specific Data Banzhaf method
incorporating the best from both.

It is alas not possible to provide clear advice to a practitioner, other than
perhaps to prefer DB for high-value point identification, except for
highly-imbalanced multi-class problems.

We cannot unequivocally substantiate \Cref{claim:detrimental-points} with our
experiments and must conclude that, while definitely present, the successes of
CS might be partly due to its unique utility function, partly to sampling
properties and other factors. Additionally, we find that DB outperforms CS for
high-value point removal, whereas the situation is reversed in noise
detection, partially invalidating \Cref{claim:cs-outperforms} within the
context of the new methods added. Attempts at transferring values from 4
models to 5 yield mixed results, with DB as a winner in many scenarios, but
\Cref{claim:cs-transferability} can only be accepted with a grain of salt,
given the practical difficulties involved. In particular, transferred values
might only useful in applications where manual inspection of the selected data
is performed (which is what we recommend in any case).

Next, while DB is designed for rank stability, CS performs better in this
respect for many datasets, although it must identify less important points
than DB, given the worse curves in \Cref{sec:high-value}. This ``failure''
might well be due to the very low sample regime. DB is proven to be best at
compensating for a worst-case noisy utility, showing that other choices of
valuation method will be preferable in certain situations.

Finally, our proposed metric \Cref{eq:varwad} tends to capture qualitative
behaviour of the methods better, but remains heuristic and arbitrary.

We conclude by remarking that the evaluations have been done at a constant
computational budget (in terms of utility evaluations) when possible, but
that, as explained in \Cref{sec:rank-stability}, this budget needs to be
increased for most methods for reliable value estimation. Nevertheless, final
performance in downstream tasks is what matters in the end and lower budgets
might work just fine. All in all, marginal contribution-based data valuation
methods of the sort considered in this reproduction, while still far from
being fire-and-forget, automatable data selection mechanisms, remain a tool in
the belt of a cautious practitioner who appreciates the value of spending time
looking at their data.

\bibliographystyle{tmlr}\bibliography{tmlr-re-csshapley.bib}

\appendix\section{Additional experiments}

\subsection{High-value point removal}\label{app:high-value}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/svm/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_svm.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:acc-svm-svm}Accuracy drop of an SVM, with values
  computed on an SVM.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/knn/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_knn.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:acc-knn-knn}Accuracy drop of a KNN classifier, with
  values computed on a KNN classifier.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/gradient_boosting_classifier/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_gradient_boosting_classifier.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:acc-mlp-mlp}Accuracy drop of gradient boosting
  classifier, for values computed using a gradient boosting classifier.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Value transfer}\label{app:value-transfer}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/svm/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_mlp.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:transfer-svm-mlp}Accuracy drop of a fully connected
  neural network, for values computed using an SVM.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/knn/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_mlp.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:transfer-knn-mlp}Accuracy drop of a fully connected
  neural network, for values computed using KNN.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/svm/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_gradient_boosting_classifier.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:transfer-svm-gb}Accuracy drop of a gradient boosting
  classifier, for values computed using an SVM.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[h]
  \resizebox{1\columnwidth}{!}{\includegraphics{../output/plots/point_removal/knn/curves/weighted_accuracy_drop_gradient_boosting_classifier.pdf}}
  \caption{\label{fig:transfer-knn-gb}Accuracy drop of a gradient boosting
  classifier, for values computed using KNN.}
\end{figure}

\end{document}

%%%%%%%%%% Begin TeXmacs source
% KGRvY3VtZW50IChUZVhtYWNzICIyLjEuNCIpIChzdHlsZSAodHVwbGUgImFydGljbGUiICJzbWFydC1y
% ZWYiICJwcmV2aWV3LXJlZiIgInN0ZC1sYXRleCIgInRtbHIiICJjaXRlLWF1dGhvci15ZWFyIikpIChi
% b2R5IChkb2N1bWVudCAoaGlkZS1wcmVhbWJsZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKCFpbHggIlxcXFxuZXdjb21tYW5k
% e1xcXFxmaXh9e1xcXFxtYXJnaW5wYXJ7RklYfX0KXFxcXG5ld2NvbW1hbmR7XFxcXG5ld317XFxcXG1h
% cmdpbnBhcntORVd9fQoKXFxcXGRlZlxcXFxtb250aHtNTX0gICUgSW5zZXJ0IGNvcnJlY3QgbW9udGgg
% Zm9yIGNhbWVyYS1yZWFkeSB2ZXJzaW9uClxcXFxkZWZcXFxceWVhcnsyMDI0fSAlIEluc2VydCBjb3Jy
% ZWN0IHllYXIgZm9yIGNhbWVyYS1yZWFkeSB2ZXJzaW9uClxcXFxkZWZcXFxcb3BlbnJldmlld3tcXFxc
% dXJse2h0dHBzOi8vb3BlbnJldmlldy5uZXQvZm9ydW0/aWQ9WFhYWH19ICUgSW5zZXJ0IGNvcnJlY3Qg
% bGluayB0byBPcGVuUmV2aWV3IGZvciBjYW1lcmEtcmVhZHkgdmVyc2lvbgoiKSAoIWlseCAiXFxcXG5l
% d2NvbW1hbmR7XFxcXG5ld317XFxcXG1hcmdpbnBhcntORVd9fSIpICghaWx4ICJcXFxcbmV3Y29tbWFu
% ZHtcXFxcbmV3fXtcXFxcbWFyZ2lucGFye05FV319IikgKCFpbHggIlxcXFxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1xcXFxu
% ZXd9e1xcXFxtYXJnaW5wYXJ7TkVXfX0iKSAoIWlseCAiXFxcXG5ld2NvbW1hbmR7XFxcXG5ld317XFxc
% XG1hcmdpbnBhcntORVd9fSIpICghaWx4ICJcXFxcbmV3Y29tbWFuZHtcXFxcbmV3fXtcXFxcbWFyZ2lu
% cGFye05FV319IikgIiIgIiIgIiIgIiIgIiIpKSAoZG9jLWRhdGEgKGRvYy10aXRsZSAiW1JlXSBDbGFz
% c3dpc2UtU2hhcGxleSB2YWx1ZXMgZm9yIGRhdGEgdmFsdWF0aW9uIikgKGRvYy1hdXRob3IgKGF1dGhv
% ci1kYXRhIChhdXRob3ItbmFtZSAiTWFya3VzIFNlbW1sZXIiKSAoYXV0aG9yLWFmZmlsaWF0aW9uIChk
% b2N1bWVudCAiYXBwbGllZEFJIEluaXRpYXRpdmUgR21iSCIpKSkpIChkb2MtYXV0aG9yIChhdXRob3It
% ZGF0YSAoYXV0aG9yLW5hbWUgIk1pZ3VlbCBkZSBCZW5pdG8gRGVsZ2FkbyIpIChhdXRob3ItYWZmaWxp
% YXRpb24gKGRvY3VtZW50ICJhcHBsaWVkQUkgSW5zdGl0dXRlIGdHbWJIIikpKSkpIChhYnN0cmFjdC1k
% YXRhIChhYnN0cmFjdCAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgZXZhbHVhdGUgQ1MtU2hhcGxleSwgYSBk
% YXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2QgaW50cm9kdWNlZCBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5
% XzIwMjIiKSAiIGZvciBjbGFzc2lmaWNhdGlvbiBwcm9ibGVtcy4gV2UgcmVwZWF0IHRoZSBleHBlcmlt
% ZW50cyBpbiB0aGUgcGFwZXIsIGluY2x1ZGluZyB0d28gYWRkaXRpb25hbCBtZXRob2RzLCB0aGUgTGVh
% c3QgQ29yZSAoIiAoY2l0ZSAieWFuX2lmXzIwMjEiKSAiKSBhbmQgRGF0YSBCYW56aGFmICgiIChjaXRl
% ICJ3YW5nX2RhdGFfMjAyMiIpICIpLCBhIGNvbXBhcmlzb24gbm90IGZvdW5kIGluIHRoZSBsaXRlcmF0
% dXJlLiBXZSBpbmNsdWRlIG1vcmUgY29uc2VydmF0aXZlIGVycm9yIGVzdGltYXRlcyBhbmQgYWRkaXRp
% b25hbCBtZXRyaWNzLCBsaWtlIHJhbmsgc3RhYmlsaXR5LCBhbmQgYSB2YXJpYW5jZS1jb3JyZWN0ZWQg
% dmVyc2lvbiBvZiBXZWlnaHRlZCBBY2N1cmFjeSBEcm9wLCBvcmlnaW5hbGx5IGludHJvZHVjZWQgaW4g
% IiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIi4gV2UgY29uY2x1ZGUgdGhhdCB3aGlsZSBD
% Uy1TaGFwbGV5IGhlbHBzIGluIHRoZSBzY2VuYXJpb3MgaXQgd2FzIG9yaWdpbmFsbHkgdGVzdGVkIGlu
% LCBpbiBwYXJ0aWN1bGFyIGZvciB0aGUgZGV0ZWN0aW9uIG9mIGNvcnJ1cHRlZCBsYWJlbHMsIGl0IGlz
% IG91dHBlcmZvcm1lZCBieSB0aGUgY29uY2VwdHVhbGx5IHNpbXBsZXIgRGF0YSBCYW56aGFmIGluIHRo
% ZSB0YXNrIG9mIGRldGVjdGluZyBoaWdobHkgaW5mbHVlbnRpYWwgcG9pbnRzLiIpKSkpIChzZWN0aW9u
% ICJEZWZpbml0aW9ucyBhbmQgbm90YXRpb24iKSAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSBkZWZpbmUgIiAoZGZuICJkYXRh
% IHZhbHVhdGlvbiIpICIgYXMgdGhlIHRhc2sgb2YgYXNzaWduaW5nIGEgc2NhbGFyIHZhbHVlIHRvIHRy
% YWluaW5nIHBvaW50cyB3aGljaCBtZWFzdXJlcyB0aGVpciBjb250cmlidXRpb24gdG8gdGhlIGVzdGlt
% YXRlZCBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBvZiBhIHN1cGVydmlzZWQgbWFjaGluZSBsZWFybmluZyBtb2RlbC4iIChm
% b290bm90ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiVGhlIGZpZWxkIGluY2x1ZGVzIGEgd2lkZXIgcmFuZ2Ug
% b2YgZGVmaW5pdGlvbnMgb2YgdmFsdWUuIEZvciBhbiBvdmVydmlldyBvZiBnb2FscyBhbmQgYXBwbGlj
% YXRpb25zIG9mIGRhdGEgdmFsdWF0aW9uLCB3ZSByZWZlciB0byAiIChjaXRlICJzaW1fZGF0YV8yMDIy
% IikgIiBhcyB3ZWxsIGFzIHRvIHRoZSBkb2N1bWVudGF0aW9uIG9mICIgKG5hbWUgIlB5RFZMIikgIiAo
% IiAoY2l0ZSAidHJhbnNmZXJsYWJfcHlkdmxfMjAyMiIpICIpLiIpKSkgIiBUaGlzIHNldHMgdXMgaW4g
% dGhlIGZyYW1ld29yayBvZiBtb2RlbC1hZ25vc3RpYyBkYXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiAoaW4gdGhlIHNlbnNl
% IHRoYXQgYW55IG1vZGVsIGNhbiBiZSB1c2VkLCBidXQgb25lIGlzIG5lZWRlZCksIGFuZCB3ZSBzcGVj
% aWZpY2FsbHkgZm9jdXMgb24gdGhlIGNsYXNzIG9mIG1hcmdpbmFsIGNvbnRyaWJ1dGlvbi1iYXNlZCBt
% ZXRob2RzLiBUaGVzZSBkZWZpbmUgdGhlICIgKGRmbiAidmFsdWUiKSAiIG9mIGEgZGF0dW0gIiAobWF0
% aCAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpICIgaW4gdGhlIHRyYWluaW5nIHNldCAiIChtYXRo
% IChjb25jYXQgIlQ8YXNzaWduPiIgKGFyb3VuZCogInsiIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIp
% ICI9IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteD4iIChyc3ViICJpIikgIiw8Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIg
% ImkiKSkgIikiKSAiOmk9MSw8bGRvdHM+LG4iKSAifSIpKSkgIiBhcyBhIGZ1bmN0aW9uIG9mIGl0cyAi
% IChkZm4gIm1hcmdpbmFsIHV0aWxpdHkiKSAiOiBUaGlzIGlzIHRoZSBkaWZmZXJlbmNlIGluIHBlcmZv
% cm1hbmNlIHdoZW4gdHJhaW5pbmcgd2l0aCBhbmQgd2l0aG91dCAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXo+
% IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIiwgbWVhc3VyZWQgb3ZlciBhIHNlcGFyYXRlICIgKGRmbiAidmFsdWF0aW9u
% IHNldCIpICIgIiAobWF0aCAiRCIpICIuIEEgdGhpcmQgc2V0ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiRCIgKHJz
% dWIgInRlc3QiKSkpICIgZm9yIHRlc3RpbmcgaXMgaGVsZCBvdXQgYW5kIG9ubHkgdXNlZCBmb3IgZmlu
% YWwgZXZhbHVhdGlvbi4iKSAoY29uY2F0ICJUaGUgc2ltcGxlc3QgZXhhbXBsZSBvZiBhIHZhbHVhdGlv
% biBtZXRob2QgYmFzZWQgb24gbWFyZ2luYWwgY29udHJpYnV0aW9ucyBpcyAiIChkZm4gIkxlYXZlLU9u
% ZS1PdXQgKExPTykiKSAiLCB3aGljaCBpcyBkZWZpbmVkIGFzIHRoZSBtYXJnaW5hbCB1dGlsaXR5IG9m
% ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSAiIGZvciB0aGUgd2hvbGUgIiAobWF0
% aCAiVCIpICI6IikgKGVxdWF0aW9uIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0IChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgInYiIChy
% c3ViIChtYXRoLXVwICJsb28iKSkgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikp
% ICIpIikgIjxhc3NpZ24+dSIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgIlQiICIpIikgIi11IiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29u
% Y2F0ICJUXFxcXCIgKGFyb3VuZCAieyIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpICJ9IikpICIp
% IikpKSAiLCIgKGxhYmVsICJlcTpsb28iKSkpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJ3aGVyZSB0aGUgIiAoZGZuICJ1dGls
% aXR5IikgIiAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgInU9dSIgKHJzdWIgIkQiKSAiOjIiIChyc3VwICJUIikgIjxy
% aWdodGFycm93PjxiYmItUj4iKSkgIiBpcyB0aGUgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugb2YgdGhlIG1vZGVsIHdoZW4g
% dHJhaW5lZCBvbiBhbnkgIiAobWF0aCAiUzxzdWJzZXRlcT5UIikgIiwgbWVhc3VyZWQgb24gYSBoZWxk
% LW91dCAiIChkZm4gInZhbHVhdGlvbiBzZXQiKSAiICIgKG1hdGggIkQiKSAiLiBUaGUgc3RhbmRhcmQg
% Y2hvaWNlIGZvciAiIChtYXRoICJ1IikgIiBpbiBjbGFzc2lmaWNhdGlvbiBpcyAiIChkZm4gImFjY3Vy
% YWN5IikgIiwgd2hpbGUgZm9yIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24gb25lIGNhbiB0YWtlIHRoZSBuZWdhdGl2ZSBlbXBp
% cmljYWwgcmlzay4gQmVjYXVzZSBmb3IgbGFyZ2UgdHJhaW5pbmcgc2V0cyAiIChtYXRoICJUIikgIiB0
% aGUgY29udHJpYnV0aW9uIG9mIHNpbmdsZSBwb2ludHMgd2lsbCBiZSB2YW5pc2hpbmdseSBzbWFsbCwg
% TE9PIGlzIHR5cGljYWxseSBvdXRwZXJmb3JtZWQgYnkgbWV0aG9kcyBhdmVyYWdpbmcgbWFueSBtYXJn
% aW5hbCBjb250cmlidXRpb25zIHRvIGRpZmZlcmVudCBzdWJzZXRzIG9mICIgKG1hdGggIlQiKSAiLiIp
% IChjb25jYXQgIkRyYXdpbmcgZnJvbSB0aGUgbGl0ZXJhdHVyZSBpbiBjb29wZXJhdGl2ZSBnYW1lIHRo
% ZW9yeSwgdGhlIHNlbWluYWwgcGFwZXIgIiAobmFtZSAiRGF0YS1TaGFwbGV5IikgIiAoIiAoY2l0ZSAi
% Z2hvcmJhbmlfZGF0YV8yMDE5IikgIikgdGFrZXMgYSB3ZWlnaHRlZCBtZWFuIG9mIHRoZSBtYXJnaW5h
% bCB1dGlsaXR5IGZvciAiIChlbSAiZXZlcnkiKSAiIHN1YnNldCAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIlM8c3Vi
% c2V0ZXE+VFxcXFwiIChhcm91bmQqICJ7IiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkgIn0iKSkp
% ICIsIHdpdGggd2VpZ2h0cyBnaXZlbiBieSB0aGUgU2hhcGxleSBjb2VmZmljaWVudHM6IikgKGVxdWF0
% aW9uIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0ICJ2IiAocnN1YiAic2hhcCIpIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAoY29uY2F0
% ICI8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkgIikiKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4iIChmcmFjICIxIiAibiIpICIqIiAoYmln
% ICJzdW0iKSAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICJTPHN1YnNldGVxPlRcXFxcIiAoYXJvdW5kICJ7IiAoY29uY2F0
% ICI8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkgIn0iKSkpIChiaW5vbSAibi0xIiAoYXJvdW5kKiAifCIgIlMiICJ8
% IikpIChyc3VwICItMSIpICIqIiAoYXJvdW5kICJbIiAoY29uY2F0ICJ1IiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29u
% Y2F0ICJTPGN1cD4iIChhcm91bmQgInsiIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSAifSIpKSAi
% KSIpICItdSIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgIlMiICIpIikpICJdIikgIi4iIChsYWJlbCAiZXE6c2hhcGxleS12
% YWx1ZSIpKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIkJlY2F1c2Ugb2YgdGhlIGV4cG9uZW50aWFsIGNvc3Qgb2YgIiAobWF0
% aCAoY29uY2F0ICI8Y2FsLU8+IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiMiIgKHJzdXAgKGFyb3VuZCog
% InwiICJUIiAifCIpKSkgIikiKSkpICIgZXZhbHVhdGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIHV0aWxpdHkgKGVhY2ggb2Yg
% d2hpY2ggZW50YWlscyByZXRyYWluaW5nIHRoZSBtb2RlbCBvZiBpbnRlcmVzdCksIHByZXZpb3VzIHdv
% cmsgb24gU2hhcGxleSB2YWx1ZSAoIiAoY2l0ZSAiY2FzdHJvX3BvbHlub21pYWxfMjAwOSIpICIpIGhh
% ZCBwcm9wb3NlZCBpdGVyYXRpbmcgb3ZlciBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbnMgdG8gaW5jcmVhc2UgdGhlIGFjY3Vy
% YWN5IG9mIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGVzdGltYXRlczogQSByYW5kb20gcGVybXV0YXRpb24gb2YgdGhlIGlu
% ZGV4IHNldCBvZiAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIlRcXFxcIiAoYXJvdW5kKiAieyIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIt
% ej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpICJ9IikpKSAiIGlzIHNhbXBsZWQsIGFuZCBvbmUgaXRlcmF0ZXMgb3ZlciB0
% aGUgcGVybXV0YXRpb24sIGluY3JlbWVudGFsbHkgY29tcHV0aW5nIG1hcmdpbmFsIHV0aWxpdGllcy4g
% VGhlIGF1dGhvcnMgb2YgIiAoY2l0ZSAiZ2hvcmJhbmlfZGF0YV8yMDE5IikgIiB0cnVuY2F0ZSB0aGlz
% IHByb2Nlc3MgYWZ0ZXIgdGhlIGluY2x1c2lvbiBvZiBhIG5ldyBwb2ludCByZXN1bHRzIHdpdGhpbiBh
% IGNlcnRhaW4gdGhyZXNob2xkIG9mIHRoZSB0b3RhbCB1dGlsaXR5LiBUaGVpciBtZXRob2QgIiAoZGZu
% ICJUcnVuY2F0ZWQgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8gU2hhcGxleSIpICIgKFRNQ1MpLCBjYW4gZHJhc3RpY2FsbHkg
% cmVkdWNlIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uIHRpbWUuIiAoZm9vdG5vdGUgKGRvY3VtZW50IChjb25jYXQgIlRoZSBp
% ZGVhIGJlaW5nIHRoYXQgYXMgdGhlIHNpemUgIiAobWF0aCAiayIpICIgb2YgdGhlIHN1YnNldHMgIiAo
% bWF0aCAiUyIpICIgZ3Jvd3MgdG93YXJkcyAiIChtYXRoIChhcm91bmQgInwiICJEIiAifCIpKSAiLCBp
% bmRpdmlkdWFsIHBvaW50cyBjb250cmlidXRlIGxlc3MgYW5kIGxlc3MgdG8gdGhlIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNl
% IG9mIGEgbW9kZWwgd2hlbiB0cmFpbmVkIG9uICIgKG1hdGggIlMiKSAiLCBhcyBoYXBwZW5zIHdpdGgg
% TE9PLiBTb21lIGVzdGltYXRlcyBmcm9tIHN0YWJpbGl0eSB0aGVvcnkgc2hvdyB0aGF0IGl0IGlzIHJl
% YXNvbmFibGUgdG8gZXhwZWN0IGFuIHVwcGVyIGJvdW5kIG9uIHRoZSB1dGlsaXR5IG9mICIgKG1hdGgg
% KGNvbmNhdCAiPGNhbC1PPiIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgIjEvayIgIikiKSkpICIuIEl0IGlzIGludGVyZXN0
% aW5nIHRvIG5vdGUgdGhhdCBkaW1pbmlzaGluZyByZXR1cm5zIGFwcGx5IGFsc28gYXMgIiAobWF0aCAi
% ayIpICIgZGVjcmVhc2VzIHRvIDAuIFRoaXMgbW90aXZhdGVzIGNvbXB1dGluZyAiIChlcXJlZiAiZXE6
% c2hhcGxleS12YWx1ZSIpICIgZm9yIGEgY2VydGFpbiByYW5nZSBvZiBzZXQgc2l6ZXMgIiAobWF0aCAo
% Y29uY2F0IChhcm91bmQgInwiICJTIiAifCIpICI8aW4+KyIgKGFyb3VuZCAiWyIgKGNvbmNhdCAiQiIg
% KHJzdWIgImxvdyIpICIsQiIgKHJzdWIgInVwIikpICJdIikpKSAiLCBhcyBwcm9wb3NlZCBpbiAiIChj
% aXRlICJ3YXRzb25fYWNjZWxlcmF0ZWRfMjAyMyIpICIuIFRoaXMgaWRlYSBpcyBhbHNvIGJlaGluZCB0
% aGUgd2VpZ2h0aW5nIHN0cmF0ZWd5IG9mICIgKGNpdGUgImt3b25fYmV0YV8yMDIyIikgIiBkZXNjcmli
% ZWQgbGF0ZXIuIikpKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAiVGhpcyBzcHVycmVkIGEgc2VyaWVzIG9mIHdvcmtzIHByb3Bv
% c2luZyBkaWZmZXJlbnQgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8gZXN0aW1hdG9ycyAoIiAoY2l0ZSAib2tocmF0aV9tdWx0
% aWxpbmVhcl8yMDIxIikgIiksIHZhcmlhdGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIFNoYXBsZXkgdmFsdWUgKCIgKGNpdGUg
% Imt3b25fZWZmaWNpZW50XzIwMjEiKSAiKSwgYW5kIG90aGVyIGdhbWUtdGhlb3JldGljIHNvbHV0aW9u
% IGNvbmNlcHRzIGxpa2UgdGhlIExlYXN0IENvcmUgKCIgKGNpdGUgInlhbl9pZl8yMDIxIiAiYmVubWVy
% em91Z19yZV8yMDIzIikgIikgKExDIGluIHRoZSBzZXF1ZWwpLCB3aGljaCB3ZSBpbmNsdWRlIGluIG91
% ciBhbmFseXNpcy4gU2V2ZXJhbCBzYW1wbGluZyBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIHRvIHJlZHVjZSB0aGUgdmFyaWFu
% Y2Ugb2YgdGhlIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGVzdGltYXRlcyBleGlzdCAoIiAoY2l0ZSAid3VfdmFyaWFuY2Vf
% MjAyMyIgImNvdmVydF9zdG9jaGFzdGljXzIwMjQiKSAiKSwgYnV0IGdlbmVyYWxpemF0aW9ucyB0byBz
% by1jYWxsZWQgIiAoZGZuICJzZW1pLXZhbHVlcyIpICIgYXJlIG1vcmUgc3VjY2Vzc2Z1bC4gVGhlIGlk
% ZWEgaXMgdG8gY2hhbmdlIHRoZSB3ZWlnaHRzIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZXE6c2hhcGxleS12YWx1
% ZSIpICIgd2l0aCB0aGUgZ29hbCBvZiBjb21wZW5zYXRpbmcgZm9yIHRoZSB2YXJpYW5jZSBvZiAiICht
% YXRoIChjb25jYXQgInUiIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAiUyIgIikiKSkpICIsIHdoaWNoIHR5cGljYWxseSBp
% bmNyZWFzZXMgd2l0aCBtb2RlbCBjYXBhY2l0eSBhdCBsb3cgc2V0IHNpemVzICIgKG1hdGggKGFyb3Vu
% ZCogInwiICJTIiAifCIpKSAiLiBCZXRhLVNoYXBsZXkgKCIgKGNpdGUgImt3b25fYmV0YV8yMDIyIikg
% IikgZ2l2ZXMgbW9yZSB3ZWlnaHQgdG8gc3Vic2V0cyAiIChtYXRoICJTIikgIiBpbiB0aGUgbG93ZXIt
% IHRvIG1pZC1zaXplIHJhbmdlIGJ5IHVzaW5nIGEgQmV0YSBmdW5jdGlvbiBmb3IgdGhlIGNvZWZmaWNp
% ZW50cy4gQSBzaW1wbGVyIGFwcHJvYWNoLCBEYXRhIEJhbnpoYWYgKCIgKGNpdGUgIndhbmdfZGF0YV8y
% MDIyIikgIikgKERCIGluIHRoZSBzZXF1ZWwpLCBkZWZpbmVkIGFzIGZvbGxvd3MsIGlzIG9mIHBhcnRp
% Y3VsYXIgaW50ZXJlc3QgdG8gb3VyIGFuYWx5c2lzOiIgKGZvb3Rub3RlIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0
% ICJEZXNwaXRlIHRoZSBmb3JtdWxhdGlvbiB3aXRoIGEgc3VtIG92ZXIgdGhlIHBvd2Vyc2V0IG9mICIg
% KG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiVFxcXFwiIChhcm91bmQqICJ7IiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImki
% KSkgIn0iKSkpICIsIGFzIHdpdGggbW9zdCBnYW1lLXRoZW9yZXRpYyBtZXRob2RzLCBpbiBwcmFjdGlj
% ZSBvbmUgZG9lcyBub3Qgc2FtcGxlIHN1YnNldHMgIiAobWF0aCAiUyIpICIgZGlyZWN0bHkgYnV0IGl0
% ZXJhdGVzIG92ZXIgcGVybXV0YXRpb25zIGFzIGRlc2NyaWJlZCBhYm92ZS4iKSkpKSAoZXF1YXRpb24g
% KGRvY3VtZW50IChjb25jYXQgInYiIChyc3ViICJiemYiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIt
% ej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpICIpIikgIjxhc3NpZ24+IiAoZnJhYyAiMSIgKGNvbmNhdCAiMiIgKHJzdXAg
% Im4tMSIpKSkgIioiIChiaWcgInN1bSIpIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIlM8c3Vic2V0ZXE+VFxcXFwiIChh
% cm91bmQgInsiIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSAifSIpKSkgKGFyb3VuZCAiWyIgKGNv
% bmNhdCAidSIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiUzxjdXA+IiAoYXJvdW5kICJ7IiAoY29uY2F0ICI8
% Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkgIn0iKSkgIikiKSAiLXUiIChhcm91bmQgIigiICJTIiAiKSIpKSAiXSIp
% ICIuIiAobGFiZWwgImVxOmJhbnpoYWYtdmFsdWUiKSkpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJBcyBtZW50aW9uZWQsIHRo
% ZSBtYWluIG1vdGl2YXRpb24gYmVoaW5kIERCIGlzIGFkZHJlc3NpbmcgdGhlIHN0b2NoYXN0aWNpdHkg
% aW4gIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJTPG1hcHN0bz51IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgIlMiICIpIikpKSAiIChj
% Zi4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJzZWM6c291cmNlcy1vZi1yYW5kb21uZXNzIikgIiBmb3IgbW9yZSBvbiBy
% YW5kb21uZXNzKS4gSW50dWl0aXZlbHksIHRoZSBjb25zdGFudCBjb2VmZmljaWVudHMgIiAobWF0aCAo
% Y29uY2F0ICIyIiAocnN1cCAibi0xIikpKSAiIGFyZSB0aGUgYmVzdCBvbmUgY2FuIGRvIGZvciBnZW5l
% cmFsICIgKG1hdGggInUiKSAiLCBzaW5jZSBnaXZlbiBhbnkgd2VpZ2h0aW5nIHNjaGVtZSwgaXQgaXMg
% YWx3YXlzIHBvc3NpYmxlIHRvIGFkdmVyc2FyaWFsbHkgY29uc3RydWN0IGEgdXRpbGl0eSB3aXRoIGhp
% Z2ggdmFyaWFuY2UgYXQgdGhlIHNldCBzaXplcyB3aXRoIGhpZ2hlc3Qgd2VpZ2h0cy4gVGhlIGF1dGhv
% cnMgZG8gaW5kZWVkIHByb3ZlIGNlcnRhaW4gb3B0aW1hbGl0eSByZXN1bHRzIHdydC4gYSBub3Rpb24g
% b2Ygc3RhYmlsaXR5IGluIHZhbHVlIHJhbmtpbmdzLiBXZSB3aWxsIHNlZSBpbiB0aGUgZXhwZXJpbWVu
% dHMgdGhhdCB0aGlzIHNpbXBsZSBpZGVhIHlpZWxkcyB0aGUgYmVzdCByZXN1bHRzIGluIG1hbnkgc2l0
% dWF0aW9ucy4iIChmb290bm90ZSAoY29uY2F0IChjaXRlICJsaV9yb2J1c3RfMjAyMyIpICIgcmVjZW50
% bHkgZXh0ZW5kZWQgREIgdG8gIiAoZW0gIndlaWdodGVkIikgIiBCYW56aGFmIHZhbHVlcywgYnV0IHdl
% IHdlcmUgbm90IGFibGUgdG8gaW5jbHVkZSB0aGlzIG1ldGhvZCBpbiBvdXIgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMuIikp
% KSAoY29uY2F0ICJGdXJ0aGVyIGxpbmVzIG9mIHdvcmsgdGFja2xlIHRoZSBleHBvbmVudGlhbCBjb21w
% bGV4aXR5IGJ5IGxlYXJuaW5nIGEgbW9kZWwgZm9yIHRoZSB1dGlsaXR5IGFmdGVyIGEgZmV3IGV2YWx1
% YXRpb25zICgiIChjaXRlICJ3YW5nX2ltcHJvdmluZ18yMDIyIikgIiksIG9yIGJ5IHJlcGxhY2luZyB0
% aGUgdmFsdWVzIHdpdGggYSBwcm94eSBtb2RlbCBhbHRvZ2V0aGVyICIgKGNpdGUgImppYV9zY2FsYWJp
% bGl0eV8yMDIxIikgIi4gQWx0ZXJuYXRpdmUgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBhdm9pZCB0aGUgY29zdCBvZiBnYW1l
% IHNvbHV0aW9uIGNvbmNlcHRzIGFsdG9nZXRoZXIsIGxpa2UgIiAobmFtZSAiRGF0YS1PT0IiKSAiICIg
% KGNpdGUgImt3b25fZGF0YW9vYl8yMDIzIikgIiB3aGljaCB1c2VzIHRoZSBvdXQtb2YtYmFnIGVycm9y
% IGVzdGltYXRlIG9mIGEgYmFnZ2luZyBtb2RlbC4gUmVmb3JtdWxhdGlvbnMgb2YgU2hhcGxleSBsaWtl
% IEFNRSAiIChjaXRlICJsaW5fbWVhc3VyaW5nXzIwMjIiKSAiIHVzZSBvZmYtdGhlLXNoZWxmIG1vZGVs
% cyBsaWtlICIgKG5hbWUgIkxhc3NvIikgIiB0byBsb29rIGZvciBzcGFyc2Ugc29sdXRpb25zIHdpdGgg
% bWFueSBwb2ludHMgYmVpbmcgYXNzaWduZWQgemVybyB2YWx1ZSwgc2luY2Ugb25lIGlzIHR5cGljYWxs
% eSBpbnRlcmVzdGVkIGluIHRoZSBleHRyZW1lIHNpdHVhdGlvbnMuIiAoZm9vdG5vdGUgKGRvY3VtZW50
% ICJUaGlzIGlzIGJ5IGZhciBub3QgYW4gZXhoYXVzdGl2ZSBsaXN0LCBidXQgd2Ugd2FudCB0byByZXN0
% cmljdCBvdXJzZWx2ZXMgbW9zdGx5IHRvIG1ldGhvZHMgd2UgZGlzY3Vzcy4iKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIklu
% IHRoaXMgY29udGV4dCwgIiAobmFtZSAiQ1MtU2hhcGxleSIpICIgIiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hh
% cGxleV8yMDIyIikgIiAoQ1MgaW4gdGhlIHNlcXVlbCkgYXBwZWFycyBhcyBhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRo
% b2QgYmFzZWQgb24gU2hhcGxleSB2YWx1ZXMgZXhjbHVzaXZlbHkgZGVzaWduZWQgZm9yIGNsYXNzaWZp
% Y2F0aW9uIHByb2JsZW1zLCBhbmQgYXdhcmUgb2YgdGhlIGluLWNsYXNzIGFuZCBvdXQtb2YtY2xhc3Mg
% aW1wYWN0IG9mIHRyYWluaW5nIHBvaW50cy4gVGhlIGNvcmUgb2JzZXJ2YXRpb24gbW90aXZhdGluZyB0
% aGUgd29yayAoIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJjbGFpbTpkZXRyaW1lbnRhbC1wb2ludHMiKSAiKSBpcyB0aGF0
% IG1pc2xhYmVsZWQgcG9pbnRzIGNhbiBzaW11bHRhbmVvdXNseSBpbXByb3ZlIG92ZXJhbGwgYWNjdXJh
% Y3kgKHRoZSB1dGlsaXR5KSwgd2hpbGUgYmVpbmcgZGV0cmltZW50YWwgZm9yIHRoZSBtb2RlbCdzIHBl
% cmZvcm1hbmNlIG9uIHRoZSBjbGFzcyB0aGV5IGFjdHVhbGx5IGJlbG9uZyB0by4gVGhlIGF1dGhvcnMg
% cHJvcG9zZSB0aGF0IGEgYmV0dGVyIGRlZmluaXRpb24gb2YgdmFsdWUgc2hvdWxkIGFjY291bnQgZm9y
% IHRoaXMgcGhlbm9tZW5vbiwgYW5kIGludHJvZHVjZSBhIG5vdmVsIHV0aWxpdHkgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVm
% ICJlcTpjd3Mtc2NvcmVyIikgIiB3aGljaCBjb25zaWRlcnMgdGhlIHBvc2l0aXZlIG9yIG5lZ2F0aXZl
% IGltcGFjdCBhIGRhdHVtIGhhcyB3aXRoaW4gaXRzIGNsYXNzIGFuZCBvdXRzaWRlIGl0LiIpIChjb25j
% YXQgIlRvIGRlZmluZSBDUywgZml4ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikgIj0i
% IChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi14PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSAiLDxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIp
% KSAiKSIpICI8aW4+VCIpKSAiIGFuZCBzcGxpdCB0aGUgdmFsdWF0aW9uIGRhdGEgaW50byAiIChtYXRo
% IChjb25jYXQgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiLCB0aGUgZGF0
% YSB3aXRoIHRoZSBzYW1lIGxhYmVsIGFzICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteD4iIChyc3ViICJpIikp
% KSAiLCBhbmQgaXRzIGNvbXBsZW1lbnQgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJEIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICIt
% PGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSAiPGFzc2lnbj5EXFxcXEQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAo
% cnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiLiBBbmFsb2dvdXNseSwgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJUPVQiIChyc3ViIChj
% b25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIjx1cGx1cz5UIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4i
% IChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkpICIgaXMgYSBwYXJ0aXRpb24gaW50byB0aGUgc3Vic2V0cyBvZiBhbGwgdHJh
% aW5pbmcgZGF0YSB3aXRoIHRoZSBzYW1lIGFuZCBkaWZmZXJlbnQgY2xhc3MgdGhhbiAiIChtYXRoIChj
% b25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIiwgcmVzcGVjdGl2ZWx5LiBUcmFpbmVkIG92ZXIgYW55
% ICIgKG1hdGggIlM8c3Vic2V0ZXE+VCIpICIgdGhlIG1vZGVsIGhhcyAiIChkZm4gImluLWNsYXNzIGFj
% Y3VyYWN5IikgIjoiIChmb290bm90ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgZm9sbG93IHRoZSBub3Rh
% dGlvbiBvZiAiIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiKSAiLCBidXQgb2JzZXJ2ZSB0aGF0
% IHRoZSBzdWItaW5kZXggaW4gIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJhIiAocnN1YiAiUyIpKSkgIiBpcyBhIHZh
% cmlhYmxlLiBBIG1vcmUgb2J2aW91cyBub3RhdGlvbiB3b3VsZCBiZSAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgImEi
% IChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICJTLEQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIp
% KSkpICIpIikpKSAiLiIpKSkgIiAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgImEiIChyc3ViICJTIikgIiAiIChhcm91
% bmQgIigiIChjb25jYXQgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICIpIikg
% Ijxhc3NpZ24+IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAodGV4dCAiIyBjb3JyZWN0IHByZWRpY3Rpb25z
% IG92ZXIgIikgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICIpIikgIi8iIChh
% cm91bmQgInwiICJEIiAifCIpKSkgIiwgYW5kICIgKGRmbiAib3V0LW9mLWNsYXNzIGFjY3VyYWN5Iikg
% IjogIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJhIiAocnN1YiAiUyIpICIgIiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICJE
% IiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkgIikiKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4oIiAodGV4
% dCAiIyBjb3JyZWN0IHByZWRpY3Rpb25zIG92ZXIgIikgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIi08Yi15PiIg
% KHJzdWIgImkiKSkpICIpLyIgKGFyb3VuZCAifCIgIkQiICJ8IikpKSAiLiBHaXZlbiBhbiBhcmJpdHJh
% cnkgc2V0ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIp
% KSkgIjxzdWJzZXRlcT5UIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkpICIsIHRo
% ZSAiIChkZm4gImNvbmRpdGlvbmFsIHV0aWxpdHkiKSAiIGNvbmRpdGlvbmVkIG9uICIgKG1hdGggKGNv
% bmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiIGlzIGRlZmluZWQg
% Zm9yIGV2ZXJ5ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJp
% IikpKSAiPHN1YnNldGVxPlQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiIGFz
% OiIpIChlcXVhdGlvbiAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAidSIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIg
% KHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSAifFMiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIi08Yi15
% PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSAiKSIpICI8YXNzaWduPmEiIChyc3ViICJTIikgIiAiIChhcm91bmQgIigi
% IChjb25jYXQgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICIpIikgIio8bWF0
% aGU+IiAocnN1cCAoY29uY2F0ICJhIiAocnN1YiAiUyIpICIgIiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICJE
% IiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkgIikiKSkpICIsIiAobGFiZWwgImVx
% OmN3cy1zY29yZXIiKSkpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJ3aGVyZSB3ZSBkZWZpbmUgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJT
% PGFzc2lnbj5TIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpICI8Y3VwPlMiIChyc3Vi
% IChjb25jYXQgIi08Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSkgIiBpbiBvcmRlciB0byBjb21wdXRlIHRoZSBh
% Y2N1cmFjaWVzLiIgKGZvb3Rub3RlIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0ICJUaGVyZSBpcyBhIHByb2JsZW0g
% d2l0aCB0aGUgb3JpZ2luYWwgbm90YXRpb24gaW4gdGhlIHBhcGVyOiBJbiBwLiA0IGl0IGlzIHN0YXRl
% ZCB0aGF0ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIp
% KSkpKSAiIGlzIHRoZSBjb21wbGVtZW50IGluICIgKG1hdGggIlMiKSAiIG9mICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNh
% dCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkpICIsIHdoaWNoIGlzIG5vdCB3
% aGF0IGlzIGludGVuZGVkLiBJbnN0ZWFkICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% LTxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiIGlzIGFuIGFyYml0cmFyeSBzdWJzZXQgb2YgIiAobWF0aCAo
% Y29uY2F0ICJUIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkpICIuIikpKSAiIEJl
% Y2F1c2Ugb2YgdGhpcyBmb3JtIGFuZCAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgImEiIChyc3ViICJTIikgKGFyb3Vu
% ZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiRCIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkgIikiKSAi
% K2EiIChyc3ViICJTIikgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiRCIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxiLXk+
% IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICIpIikgIjxsZXFzbGFudD4xIikpICIsICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiYSIg
% KHJzdWIgIlMiKSAiICIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiRCIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxiLXk+
% IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICIpIikpKSAiIGlzIGNvbnRyb2xsZWQgYnkgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJh
% IiAocnN1YiAiUyIpICIgIiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICJEIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi15
% PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSAiKSIpKSkgIiBpbiB0aGUgc2Vuc2UgdGhhdCB3aGVuIHRoZSBsYXR0ZXIg
% aXMgc21hbGwsIHRoZSBlZmZlY3Qgb2Ygb3V0LW9mLWNsYXNzIGFjY3VyYWN5IG9uICIgKG1hdGggInUi
% KSAiIGlzIG5lZ2xpZ2libGUsIGNmLiAiIChjaXRlLWRldGFpbCAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIy
% IiAoY29uY2F0ICJGaWd1cmUiIChuYnNwKSAiMiIpKSAiLiBJbiBwYXJ0aWN1bGFyLCBldmVuIGEgc21h
% bGwgaW4tY2xhc3MgYWNjdXJhY3kgbGVhZHMgdG8gZ3JlYXRlciB1dGlsaXR5IHRoYW4gcGVyZmVjdCBv
% dXQtb2YtY2xhc3MgYWNjdXJhY3ksIGNmLiAiIChjaXRlLWRldGFpbCAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8y
% MDIyIiAoY29uY2F0ICJQcm9wZXJ0eSIgKG5ic3ApICIxLCBwLiA1IikpICIuICBXaXRoIHRoZXNlIGlu
% Z3JlZGllbnRzLCAiIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiKSAiIGRlZmluZSB0aGUgIiAo
% ZGZuICJjb25kaXRpb25hbCBDUy1TaGFwbGV5IHZhbHVlIikgIiBvZiAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIjxi
% LXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIiBnaXZlbiAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIlMiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQg
% Ii08Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSkgIiBhczoiKSAoZXF1YXRpb24gKGRvY3VtZW50IChjb25jYXQg
% IjxwaGk+IiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSAifFMiIChyc3ViIChj
% b25jYXQgIi08Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSAiKSIpICI8YXNzaWduPiIgKGJpZyAic3VtIikgKHJz
% dWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSAiPHN1YnNldGVx
% PlQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIlxcXFwiIChhcm91bmQgInsiIChj
% b25jYXQgIjxiLXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSAifSIpKSkgKGJpbm9tIChjb25jYXQgKGFyb3VuZCogInwi
% IChjb25jYXQgIlQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICJ8IikgIi0xIikg
% KGFyb3VuZCogInwiIChjb25jYXQgIlMiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkp
% ICJ8IikpIChyc3VwICItMSIpICIqIiAoYXJvdW5kICJbIiAoY29uY2F0ICJ1IiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAo
% Y29uY2F0ICJTIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpICI8Y3VwPiIgKGFyb3Vu
% ZCAieyIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpICJ9IikgInxTIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICIt
% PGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkgIikiKSAiLXUiIChhcm91bmQgIigiIChjb25jYXQgIlMiIChyc3Vi
% IChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgInxTIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChy
% c3ViICJpIikpKSkgIikiKSkgIl0iKSAiLiIgKGxhYmVsICJlcTpjb25kaXRpb25hbC1jd3MiKSkpKSAo
% Y29uY2F0ICJGaW5hbGx5LCB0aGUgIiAoZGZuICJDUy1TaGFwbGV5IHZhbHVlIikgIiBpcyBhbiBhdmVy
% YWdlIG92ZXIgYWxsIHBvc3NpYmxlICIgKGRmbiAib3V0LW9mLWNsYXNzIGVudmlyb25tZW50cyIpICIg
% IiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJTIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkpICI6
% IikgKGVxdWF0aW9uIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0ICJ2IiAoYXJvdW5kICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi16
% PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkgIikiKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4iIChmcmFjICIxIiAoY29uY2F0ICIyIiAocnN1cCAo
% YXJvdW5kICJ8IiAoY29uY2F0ICJUIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkg
% InwiKSkpKSAiKiIgKGJpZyAic3VtIikgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxi
% LXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIjxzdWJzZXRlcT5UIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3Vi
% ICJpIikpKSkpICI8cGhpPiIgKGFyb3VuZCAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChyc3ViICJpIikgInxT
% IiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICItPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJpIikpKSkgIikiKSAiLiIgKGxhYmVsICJlcTpj
% d3MtdmFsdWUiKSkpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJJbiBwcmFjdGljZSwgdGhpcyBzdW0gaXMgYXBwcm94aW1hdGVk
% IGluIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGZhc2hpb24gd2l0aCBhIGZldyBodW5kcmVkICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAi
% UyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiLTxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiLiBGb3IgZWFjaCAiIChtYXRo
% IChjb25jYXQgIlMiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIi08Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSkgIiwgc2FtcGxp
% bmcgb2YgdGhlICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGIteT4iIChyc3ViICJp
% IikpKSAiPHN1YnNldGVxPlQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkgIlxcXFwi
% IChhcm91bmQgInsiIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSAifSIpKSkgIiBpcyBub3QgZG9u
% ZSBmcm9tIHRoZSBwb3dlcnNldCBhcyBzdWdnZXN0ZWQgYnkgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJlcTpjb25kaXRp
% b25hbC1jd3MiKSAiLCBidXQgZm9sbG93aW5nIHRoZSBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbiBhcHByb2FjaCBmaXJzdCBw
% cm9wb3NlZCBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJjYXN0cm9fcG9seW5vbWlhbF8yMDA5IikgIi4gSW4gdGhlIGltcGxl
% bWVudGF0aW9uIG9mICIgKGNpdGUgInNjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMiIpICIgYW5kIG91cnMsIG9u
% ZSBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbiBwZXIgc2V0IGlzIHVzZWQuIikgKHNlY3Rpb24gIlNjb3BlIG9mIHRoZSByZXBy
% b2R1Y3Rpb24iKSAoY29uY2F0ICJJbiB0aGlzIHJlcG9ydCwgd2Ugc2V0IHRvIHZlcmlmeSB0aGUgbWFp
% biBjbGFpbXMgb2YgIiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIiwgaW5jb3Jwb3JhdGlu
% ZyB0d28gYWRkaXRpb25hbCBtZXRob2RzOiBMZWFzdCBDb3JlICgiIChjaXRlICJ5YW5faWZfMjAyMSIp
% ICIpIGFuZCBEQiAoIiAoY2l0ZSAid2FuZ19kYXRhXzIwMjIiKSAiKSwgd2hpY2ggbGVkIHRvIHNvbWUg
% dW5leHBlY3RlZCByZXN1bHRzLiBUbyB0aGUgYmVzdCBvZiBvdXIga25vd2xlZGdlLCB0aGlzIHJlcHJl
% c2VudHMgdGhlIGZpcnN0IGRpcmVjdCBjb21wYXJpc29uIG9mIERCIHdpdGggb3RoZXIgbWV0aG9kcyBp
% biB0aGUgdGFza3MgZGVzY3JpYmVkIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOmV2YWx1YXRpb24tZGF0YS12
% YWwiKSAiLiBUaGlzIHdvcmsgYWxzbyBleHRlbmRzIHRoZSBldmFsdWF0aW9uIG9mIExDIGNvbmR1Y3Rl
% ZCBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJ5YW5faWZfMjAyMSIpICIgYW5kIHJlcGxpY2F0ZXMgdGhlIGZpbmRpbmdzIG9m
% ICIgKGNpdGUgImJlbm1lcnpvdWdfcmVfMjAyMyIpICIgYWNyb3NzIG1hbnkgbW9yZSBkYXRhc2V0cyBh
% bmQgc2NlbmFyaW9zLiBGaW5hbGx5LCB3ZSBzdHJpdmUgdG8gcHJvdmlkZSBtb3JlIGFjY3VyYXRlIGVy
% cm9yIGVzdGltYXRlcyBhbmQgaW5jbHVkZSBhZGRpdGlvbmFsIG1ldHJpY3MuIikgKGNsYWltIChkb2N1
% bWVudCAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiY2xhaW06ZGV0cmltZW50YWwtcG9pbnRzIikgKGNpdGUgInNjaG9j
% aF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMiIpICIgVHJhaW5pbmcgcG9pbnRzIGNhbiBiZSBzaW11bHRhbmVvdXNseSBi
% ZW5lZmljaWFsIGZvciBhdmVyYWdlIGFjY3VyYWN5LCBhbmQgZGV0cmltZW50YWwgZm9yIGluLWNsYXNz
% IGFjY3VyYWN5LiBBIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2QgYWNjb3VudGluZyBmb3IgdGhpcyBzaG91bGQgcGVy
% Zm9ybSBiZXR0ZXIgdGhhbiBvbmUgdGhhdCBkb2VzIG5vdC4iKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIlRoaXMgb2JzZXJ2
% YXRpb24gaXMgYmFja2VkIGJ5ICIgKGNpdGUtZGV0YWlsICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiIChj
% b25jYXQgIkZpZ3VyZSIgKG5ic3ApICIxIikpICIsIHVzaW5nIG9uZSBwb2ludCBhbmQgb25lIHNldC4g
% SG93IG9mdGVuIGRvZXMgaXQgaGFwcGVuIHRoYXQgdGhlIG1hcmdpbmFsIGdsb2JhbCBhY2N1cmFjeSBv
% ZiBhIGRhdHVtIGlzIHBvc2l0aXZlLCBidXQgdGhlIG1hcmdpbmFsIGluLWNsYXNzIGFjY3VyYWN5IGlz
% IG5lZ2F0aXZlLCBhbmQgdmljZSB2ZXJzYT8gQW5kLCBob3cgZG8gdGhlc2Ugc2l0dWF0aW9ucyBjb3Jy
% ZWxhdGUgd2l0aCBiZXR0ZXIgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugb2YgQ1Mgd3J0LiBvdGhlciBtZXRob2RzPyBXZSBh
% ZGRyZXNzIHRoZXNlIHF1ZXN0aW9ucyBpbiAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgInNlYzpkYXRhc2V0LWNoYXJhY3Rl
% cmlzdGljcyIpICIuIikgKGNsYWltIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiY2xhaW06Y3Mtb3V0
% cGVyZm9ybXMiKSAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIiBDUyBpcyBnZW5lcmFsbHkg
% YmV0dGVyIHN1aXRlZCBmb3IgY2xhc3NpZmljYXRpb24gcHJvYmxlbXMuIikpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSBm
% aW5kIHRoYXQgaXQgaXMgaW4gZmFjdCBEQiB3aGljaCBvdXRwZXJmb3JtcyBhbGwgbWV0aG9kcyBpbiB0
% aGUgZGV0ZWN0aW9uIG9mIGhpZ2hseSBpbmZsdWVudGlhbCBwb2ludHMsIGV4Y2VwdCBpbiB0aGUgY2Fz
% ZSBvZiBoaWdobHkgaW1iYWxhbmNlZCBtdWx0aXBsZSBjbGFzc2VzLCBhbHRob3VnaCBpdCBmYWlscyB0
% byBkbyBzbyBpbiBub2lzZSBkZXRlY3Rpb24uIFNlZSAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgInNlYzpldmFsdWF0aW9u
% LWRhdGEtdmFsIikgIiBmb3IgYSBkZXNjcmlwdGlvbiBvZiB0aGVzZSB0YXNrcywgYW5kICIgKHNtYXJ0
% LXJlZiAic2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWUiICJzZWM6bm9pc2UtZGV0ZWN0aW9uIikgIiBmb3IgdGhlIGNvbmNs
% dXNpb25zLiIpIChjbGFpbSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImNsYWltOmNzLXRyYW5zZmVy
% YWJpbGl0eSIpIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiKSAiIERhdGEgdmFsdWVzIGNhbiBi
% ZSBzdWNjZXNzZnVsbHkgdHJhbnNmZXJyZWQgYWNyb3NzIGNsYXNzaWZpZXJzLCBpbmNsdWRpbmcgdG8g
% bmV1cmFsIG1vZGVscy4iKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIldlIHBhcnRpYWxseSB2ZXJpZnkgdGhlIGNsYWltIGZv
% ciBvbmUgc2NlbmFyaW8gaW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJzZWM6dmFsdWUtdHJhbnNmZXIiKSAiLCBidXQg
% b2JzZXJ2ZSB0aGF0IHRoZSBzaWduYWwgaXMgcmF0aGVyIHNtYWxsLCBpZiBhdCBhbGwgcHJlc2VudCBp
% biBtYW55IGNhc2VzLiBVc2luZyBhIHNlY29uZCB0YXJnZXQgY2xhc3NpZmllciwgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZSBh
% biBhbG1vc3QgY29tcGxldGUgZmFpbHVyZSB0byB0cmFuc2ZlciB2YWx1ZXMuIFRoaXMgZG9lcyBub3Qg
% Y29ycmVsYXRlIHdpdGggYW55IG9idmlvdXMgY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWMgb2YgdGhlIGRhdGEsIGxpa2Ug
% Y2xhc3MgaW1iYWxhbmNlIG9yIHRoZSBwcmV2YWxlbmNlIG9mIHRoZSBwcm9wZXJ0eSBkZXNjcmliZWQg
% aW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJjbGFpbTpkZXRyaW1lbnRhbC1wb2ludHMiKSAiLCBsZWF2aW5nIG9wZW4g
% Zm9yIGEgcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVyIHRoZSBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBxdWVzdGlvbiBvZiB3aGF0IHNvdXJjZSBt
% b2RlbCB0byB1c2UgZm9yIHZhbHVlIHRyYW5zZmVyIGZvciBhIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIgZGF0YXNldC4iKSAi
% QWRkaXRpb25hbGx5LCB3ZSBvYnNlcnZlIHRoZSBmb2xsb3dpbmcgKHRoZXNlIGNsYWltcyBhcmUgb3Vy
% IG93bik6IiAoY2xhaW0gKGRvY3VtZW50ICJVbmRlciBmdWxsIHJhbmRvbW5lc3Mgb2YgZGF0YSBzYW1w
% bGluZywgc3Vic2V0IHNhbXBsaW5nLCBhbmQgdHJhaW5pbmcgbWV0aG9kLCBDUyB0ZW5kcyB0byBleGhp
% Yml0IGhpZ2hlciB2YXJpYW5jZSB0aGFuIG1vc3Qgb3RoZXIgbWV0aG9kcyBpbiB0aGUgcG9pbnQgcmVt
% b3ZhbCB0YXNrLiIpKSAiV2hlbiB3ZSByZXNhbXBsZSB0aGUgZGF0YXNldHMgZm9yIGVhY2ggZXhwZXJp
% bWVudCBydW4sIHdlIG5vdGUgdGhhdCB0aGUgYmVoYXZpb3VyIG9mIENTIGlzIG1vcmUgc3Ryb25nbHkg
% YWZmZWN0ZWQgYnkgdGhlIHRyYWluaW5nIC8gdmFsdWF0aW9uIC8gdGVzdCBzcGxpdCB0aGFuIG90aGVy
% IG1ldGhvZHMuIFRoaXMgaXMgb2YgcmVsZXZhbmNlIHNpbmNlIGluIHByYWN0aWNlLCBjcm9zcy12YWxp
% ZGF0aW9uIG9mIHZhbHVlcyBpcyBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsbHkgcHJvaGliaXRpdmUuIE5ldmVydGhlbGVz
% cywgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZWQgdGhhdCB0aGUgZ2VuZXJhbCB0cmVuZHMgd2VyZSByZXNwZWN0ZWQgYWNyb3Nz
% IHNwbGl0cy4iIChjbGFpbSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgIlVuZGVyIHNpbWlsYXIgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBidWRn
% ZXRzLCBEQiBpcyBwcmVmZXJhYmxlIHRvIGFsbCBvdGhlciBtZXRob2RzIGZvciB0aGUgaWRlbnRpZmlj
% YXRpb24gb2YgaGlnaGx5IGluZmx1ZW50aWFsIHBvaW50cywgd2hpbGUgQ1MgaXMgZm9yIHRoZSBkZXRl
% Y3Rpb24gb2YgY29ycnVwdGVkIG9uZXMuIikpIChjb25jYXQgIldlIHN1YnN0YW50aWF0ZSB0aGlzIGlu
% ICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWUiKSAiIGFuZCAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgInNlYzpub2lz
% ZS1kZXRlY3Rpb24iKSAiLiIpIChjbGFpbSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiQSBtb2RpZmllZCB2ZXJz
% aW9uIG9mIHRoZSBtZXRyaWMgV0FEIChjZi4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJzZWM6ZXZhbHVhdGlvbi1kYXRh
% LXZhbCIpICIpIGlzIGJldHRlciBzdWl0ZWQgZm9yIHF1YW50aXRhdGl2ZSBjb21wYXJpc29uIG9mIHZh
% bHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2RzLiIpKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgYWRkcmVzcyB0aGlzIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJl
% ZiAic2VjOndhZCIpICIuIikgKHNlY3Rpb24gIk1ldGhvZG9sb2d5IikgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgcnVuIGFs
% bCBleHBlcmltZW50cyBvbiB0aGUgc2FtZSBkYXRhc2V0cyBhbmQgbW9kZWxzIGFzICIgKGNpdGUgInNj
% aG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMiIpICIsIGFkZGluZyB0d28gbmV3IHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2RzLiBE
% ZXRhaWxzIG9mIHRoZSBkYXRhc2V0cywgYW5kIHBhcmFtZXRlcnMgb2YgdGhlIGNsYXNzaWZpZXJzIGFu
% ZCB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kcyBmb2xsb3cuIikgKHN1YnNlY3Rpb24gIkRhdGFzZXRzIikgKGNvbmNh
% dCAiRGF0YXNldHMgYXJlIGZyb20gIiAobmFtZSAib3Blbm1sIikgIiAoIiAoY2l0ZSAidmFuc2Nob3Jl
% bl9vcGVubWxfMjAxMyIpICIpLiBBbGwgYnV0ICIgKG5hbWUgIkNvdmVydHlwZSIpICIgYW5kICIgKG5h
% bWUgIk1OSVNULW11bHRpIikgIiBhcmUgZm9yIGJpbmFyeSBjbGFzc2lmaWNhdGlvbi4gU3RyYXRpZmll
% ZCBzYW1wbGluZyB3YXMgdXNlZCBmb3IgdGhlIHNwbGl0cyB0byBtYWludGFpbiBsYWJlbCBkaXN0cmli
% dXRpb24uIEltYWdlIGRhdGFzZXRzIHVuZGVyd2VudCBmZWF0dXJlIGV4dHJhY3Rpb24gdXNpbmcgIiAo
% bmFtZSAiUmVzTmV0LTE4IikgIiwgdGhlbiBkaW1lbnNpb25hbGl0eSByZWR1Y3Rpb24gdXNpbmcgMzIg
% UENBIGNvbXBvbmVudHMuIikgKGJpZy10YWJsZSAodGFidWxhciAodGZvcm1hdCAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIx
% IiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiZm9udC1zZXJpZXMiICJib2xkIikgKGN3aXRoICIxIiAiMSIgIjEiICItMSIgImNl
% bGwtaGFsaWduIiAiYyIpIChjd2l0aCAiMSIgIi0xIiAiMiIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC1oYWxpZ24iICJjIikg
% KGN3aXRoICIxIiAiLTEiICIxIiAiMSIgImNlbGwtaGFsaWduIiAiciIpIChjd2l0aCAiMSIgIjEiICIx
% IiAiLTEiICJjZWxsLXRib3JkZXIiICIwbG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC1i
% Ym9yZGVyIiAiMC41bG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjIiICIyIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC10Ym9yZGVyIiAiMC41
% bG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIgIjEiICJjZWxsLWxib3JkZXIiICIwbG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEi
% ICIxIiAiOCIgIjgiICJjZWxsLXJib3JkZXIiICIwbG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAi
% Y2VsbC1ic2VwIiAiMC4zZW0iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC10c2VwIiAiMC4z
% ZW0iKSAoY3dpdGggIjIiICItMSIgIjEiICItMSIgImNlbGwtdHNlcCIgIjAuM2VtIikgKHRhYmxlIChy
% b3cgKGNlbGwgIkRhdGFzZXQiKSAoY2VsbCAiVHlwZSIpIChjZWxsICJGZWF0dXJlcyIpIChjZWxsICJJ
% bnN0YW5jZXMiKSAoY2VsbCAiJXBvc2l0aXZlIikgKGNlbGwgIlRyYWluaW5nIikgKGNlbGwgIlZhbHVh
% dGlvbiIpIChjZWxsICJUZXN0IikpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgIkRpYWJldGVzIikgKGNlbGwgInRhYnVsYXIi
% KSAoY2VsbCAiOCIpIChjZWxsICI3NjgiKSAoY2VsbCAiNjUuMSIpIChjZWxsICIxMjgiKSAoY2VsbCAi
% MTI4IikgKGNlbGwgIjUxMiIpKSAocm93IChjZWxsICJDbGljayIpIChjZWxsICJ0YWJ1bGFyIikgKGNl
% bGwgKGNvbmNhdCAiOSIgKHJzdXAgKG1hdGggIjxzdGFyPiIpKSkpIChjZWxsICIzMDAwIikgKGNlbGwg
% Ijk1LjUiKSAoY2VsbCAiNTAwIikgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChjZWxsICIyMDAwIikpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwg
% IkNvdmVydHlwZSIpIChjZWxsICJ0YWJ1bGFyIikgKGNlbGwgIjU0IikgKGNlbGwgIjMwMDAiKSAoY2Vs
% bCAoY29uY2F0ICIoIiAobWF0aCAiPG5hdHVyYWw+IikgIikiKSkgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChjZWxsICI1
% MDAiKSAoY2VsbCAiMjAwMCIpKSAocm93IChjZWxsIChjb25jYXQgIkNQVSIgKHJzdXAgKG1hdGggIjxk
% YWdnZXI+IikpKSkgKGNlbGwgInRhYnVsYXIiKSAoY2VsbCAiMjEiKSAoY2VsbCAiMzAwMCIpIChjZWxs
% ICI0Ni43IikgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChjZWxsICI1MDAiKSAoY2VsbCAiMjAwMCIpKSAocm93IChjZWxs
% ICJQaG9uZW1lIikgKGNlbGwgInRhYnVsYXIiKSAoY2VsbCAiNSIpIChjZWxsICIzMDAwIikgKGNlbGwg
% IjcwLjYiKSAoY2VsbCAiNTAwIikgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChjZWxsICIyMDAwIikpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwg
% KGNvbmNhdCAiRk1OSVNUIiAocnN1cCAobWF0aCAiPGRhZ2dlcj48ZGFnZ2VyPiIpKSkpIChjZWxsICJp
% bWFnZSIpIChjZWxsICIzMiIpIChjZWxsICIzMDAwIikgKGNlbGwgIjUwIikgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChj
% ZWxsICI1MDAiKSAoY2VsbCAiMjAwMCIpKSAocm93IChjZWxsIChjb25jYXQgIkNJRkFSMTAiIChyc3Vw
% IChtYXRoICI8ZGFnZ2VyPjxkYWdnZXI+PGRhZ2dlcj4iKSkpKSAoY2VsbCAiaW1hZ2UiKSAoY2VsbCAi
% MzIiKSAoY2VsbCAiMzAwMCIpIChjZWxsICI1MCIpIChjZWxsICI1MDAiKSAoY2VsbCAiNTAwIikgKGNl
% bGwgIjIwMDAiKSkgKHJvdyAoY2VsbCAoY29uY2F0ICJNTklTVC1iaW5hcnkiIChyc3VwIChtYXRoICI8
% ZGFnZ2VyPjxkYWdnZXI+PGRhZ2dlcj48ZGFnZ2VyPiIpKSkpIChjZWxsICJpbWFnZSIpIChjZWxsICIz
% MiIpIChjZWxsICIzMDAwIikgKGNlbGwgIjUxLjkiKSAoY2VsbCAiNTAwIikgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChj
% ZWxsICIyMDAwIikpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgIk1OSVNULW11bHRpIikgKGNlbGwgImltYWdlIikgKGNlbGwg
% IjMyIikgKGNlbGwgIjMwMDAiKSAoY2VsbCAoY29uY2F0ICIoIiAobWF0aCAiPG5hdHVyYWw+PG5hdHVy
% YWw+IikgIikiKSkgKGNlbGwgIjUwMCIpIChjZWxsICI1MDAiKSAoY2VsbCAiMjAwMCIpKSkpKSAoZG9j
% dW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiRGF0YXNldHMgdXNlZC4gKCIgKG1hdGggIjxzdGFyPiIpICIpIDExIGZlYXR1
% cmVzIGRlY2xhcmVkIG9ubGluZSwgYnV0IDkgZWZmZWN0aXZlIGFmdGVyIGZldGNoaW5nIHVzaW5nIHRo
% ZSBvcGVubWwgbGlicmFyeS4gKCIgKG1hdGggIjxkYWdnZXI+IikgIikgQ1BVIGlzIG9yaWdpbmFsbHkg
% YSByZWdyZXNzaW9uIGRhdGFzZXQsIGJpbmFyaXplZCB1c2luZyB0aGUgdGhyZXNob2xkIDg5LiAoIiAo
% bWF0aCAiPGRhZ2dlcj48ZGFnZ2VyPiIpICIpIEZNTklTVCBpcyByZXN0cmljdGVkIHRvIHRoZSBjbGFz
% c2VzIBB0LXNoaXJ0IGFuZCB0b3BzESB2cyAQc2hpcnRzES4gKCIgKG1hdGggIjxkYWdnZXI+PGRhZ2dl
% cj48ZGFnZ2VyPiIpICIpIENJRkFSMTAgaXMgcmVzdHJpY3RlZCB0byB0aGUgY2xhc3NlcyAQYXV0b21v
% YmlsZREgdnMgEHRydWNrES4gKCIgKG1hdGggIjxkYWdnZXI+PGRhZ2dlcj48ZGFnZ2VyPjxkYWdnZXI+
% IikgIikgTU5JU1QtYmluYXJ5IGlzIE1OSVNUIHJlc3RyaWN0ZWQgdG8gdGhlIGNsYXNzZXMgEDERIHZz
% IBA3ES4gKCIgKG1hdGggIjxuYXR1cmFsPiIpICIpIENvdmVydHlwZSBpcyBoaWdobHkgaW1iYWxhbmNl
% ZCB3aXRoIDcgY2xhc3NlcyB3aXRoIGZyZXF1ZW5jaWVzIDM2LjUlIC8gNDguOCUgLyA2LjIlIC8gMC41
% JSAvIDEuNiUgLyAzJSAvIDMuNSUuICgiIChtYXRoICI8bmF0dXJhbD48bmF0dXJhbD4iKSAiKSBNTklT
% VC1tdWx0aSBoYXMgMTAgY2xhc3NlcyB3aXRoIGFsbW9zdCBlcXVhbCBmcmVxdWVuY2llcy4iKSkpIChz
% dWJzZWN0aW9uICJWYWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kcyB0ZXN0ZWQiKSAoY29uY2F0ICJQYXJhbWV0ZXJzIGZv
% ciBhbGwgbWV0aG9kcyB3ZXJlIHRha2VuIGFzIHN1Z2dlc3RlZCBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3Nz
% aGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiKSAiIG9yIHRoZSBjb3JyZXNwb25kaW5nIHBhcGVycy4gQ29udmVyZ2VuY2UgY3Jp
% dGVyaWEgZm9yIHRoZSBtZXRob2RzIHdlcmUga2VwdCBhcyBjb25zaXN0ZW50IGFzIHBvc3NpYmxlIGJ5
% IHN0b3BwaW5nIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uIGFmdGVyIHRoZSB2YWx1ZSBmb3IgZXZlcnkgdHJhaW5pbmcgcG9p
% bnQgaGFkIGJlZW4gdXBkYXRlZCBhdCBsZWFzdCBhIGZpeGVkIGFtb3VudCBvZiB0aW1lcy4iKSAoYmln
% LXRhYmxlICh0YWJ1bGFyICh0Zm9ybWF0IChjd2l0aCAiMSIgIjEiICIxIiAiLTEiICJmb250LXNlcmll
% cyIgImJvbGQiKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC10Ym9yZGVyIiAiMGxuIikgKGN3
% aXRoICIxIiAiMSIgIjEiICItMSIgImNlbGwtYmJvcmRlciIgIjAuNWxuIikgKGN3aXRoICIyIiAiMiIg
% IjEiICItMSIgImNlbGwtdGJvcmRlciIgIjAuNWxuIikgKGN3aXRoICIxIiAiMSIgIjEiICIxIiAiY2Vs
% bC1sYm9yZGVyIiAiMGxuIikgKGN3aXRoICIxIiAiMSIgIjQiICI0IiAiY2VsbC1yYm9yZGVyIiAiMGxu
% IikgKGN3aXRoICIxIiAiMSIgIjEiICItMSIgImNlbGwtaGFsaWduIiAiYyIpIChjd2l0aCAiMSIgIjEi
% ICIxIiAiLTEiICJjZWxsLWJzZXAiICIwLjNlbSIpIChjd2l0aCAiMSIgIjEiICIxIiAiLTEiICJjZWxs
% LXRzZXAiICIwLjNlbSIpIChjd2l0aCAiMiIgIi0xIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC10c2VwIiAiMC4zZW0i
% KSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMyIgIjMiICJmb250LXNlcmllcyIgImJvbGQiKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIx
% IiAiMyIgIjMiICJjZWxsLXRib3JkZXIiICIwbG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMyIgIjMiICJjZWxs
% LWJib3JkZXIiICIwLjVsbiIpIChjd2l0aCAiMiIgIjIiICIzIiAiMyIgImNlbGwtdGJvcmRlciIgIjAu
% NWxuIikgKGN3aXRoICIxIiAiMSIgIjMiICIzIiAiY2VsbC1oYWxpZ24iICJjIikgKGN3aXRoICIxIiAi
% MSIgIjMiICIzIiAiY2VsbC1ic2VwIiAiMC4zZW0iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMyIgIjMiICJjZWxs
% LXRzZXAiICIwLjNlbSIpIChjd2l0aCAiMiIgIjciICIzIiAiMyIgImNlbGwtdHNlcCIgIjAuM2VtIikg
% KHRhYmxlIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgKGNvbmNhdCAod2l0aCAiY29sb3IiIChwYXR0ZXJuICIvaG9tZS9taWd1
% ZWwvZGV2ZWwvdGV4bWFjcy9zdm4vc3JjL1RlWG1hY3MvbWlzYy9wYXR0ZXJucy92aW50YWdlL21ldGFs
% LXJvdWdoLWxpZ2h0LnBuZyIgIiIgIiIpICIiKSAiTWV0aG9kIikpIChjZWxsICJDb252ZXJnZW5jZSBj
% cml0LiIpIChjZWxsICJVdGlsaXR5IGV2YWx1YXRpb25zIikgKGNlbGwgIlBhcmFtZXRlcnMiKSkgKHJv
% dyAoY2VsbCAiTE9PIikgKGNlbGwgKGNvbmNhdCAiTkEiIChyc3VwIChtYXRoICI8ZGFnZ2VyPiIpKSkp
% IChjZWxsIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgKGFyb3VuZCogInwiICJUIiAifCIpICIrMSIpKSkgKGNlbGwgIk5B
% IikpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgKGNvbmNhdCAiVE1DUyAoIiAoY2l0ZSAiZ2hvcmJhbmlfZGF0YV8yMDE5Iikg
% IikiKSkgKGNlbGwgKHNtYWxsIChweXRob24gIk1pblVwZGF0ZXM8Z3RyPjUwMCIpKSkgKGNlbGwgKG1h
% dGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPHNpbT5LKiIgKGFyb3VuZCogInwiICJUIiAifCIpKSkpIChjZWxsIChtYXRoIChj
% b25jYXQgIjx2YXJlcHNpbG9uPj0xMCIgKHJzdXAgIi00IikpKSkpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% QmV0YVNoYXAgKCIgKGNpdGUgImt3b25fYmV0YV8yMDIyIikgIikiKSkgKGNlbGwgKHNtYWxsIChweXRo
% b24gIk1pblVwZGF0ZXM8Z3RyPjUwMCIpKSkgKGNlbGwgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPHNpbT5LKiIgKGFy
% b3VuZCogInwiICJUIiAifCIpKSkpIChjZWxsIChtYXRoICI8YWxwaGE+PTE2LDxiZXRhPj0xIikpKSAo
% cm93IChjZWxsIChjb25jYXQgIkNTLVNoYXBsZXkgKCIgKGNpdGUgInNjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAy
% MiIpICIpIikpIChjZWxsIChzbWFsbCAocHl0aG9uICJNaW5VcGRhdGVzPGd0cj41MDAiKSkpIChjZWxs
% IChjb25jYXQgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPHNpbT5SKksqIiAoYXJvdW5kKiAifCIgIlQiICJ8IikgIi8y
% IikpIChyc3VwIChtYXRoICI8ZGFnZ2VyPjxkYWdnZXI+IikpKSkgKGNlbGwgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAi
% PHZhcmVwc2lsb24+PTEwIiAocnN1cCAiLTQiKSAiLEs9MSIpKSkpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% RGF0YSBCYW56aGFmICgiIChjaXRlICJ3YW5nX2RhdGFfMjAyMiIpICIpIikpIChjZWxsIChzbWFsbCAo
% cHl0aG9uICJNaW5VcGRhdGVzPGd0cj41MDAiKSkpIChjZWxsIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIjxzaW0+Syoi
% IChhcm91bmQqICJ8IiAiVCIgInwiKSkpKSAoY2VsbCAiIikpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgKGNvbmNhdCAiTGVh
% c3QgQ29yZSAoIiAoY2l0ZSAieWFuX2lmXzIwMjEiKSAiKSIpKSAoY2VsbCAiTkEiKSAoY2VsbCAobWF0
% aCAiPHNpbT5LIikpIChjZWxsIChjb25jYXQgKG1hdGggIks9NTAwMCIpICIgY29uc3RyYWludHMiKSkp
% KSkpIChjb25jYXQgIk1ldGhvZHMgZXZhbHVhdGVkLiBDb252ZXJnZW5jZSBjcml0ZXJpYSBhcyBwcm92
% aWRlZCBieSAiIChuYW1lICJweURWTCIpICIgKCIgKGNpdGUgInRyYW5zZmVybGFiX3B5ZHZsXzIwMjIi
% KSAiKS4gU2VlIHRoZSB0ZXh0IGZvciBkZXRhaWxzIG9uIGVhY2ggbWV0aG9kLiAoIiAobWF0aCAiPGRh
% Z2dlcj4iKSAiKSAQTkERID0gTm90IEFwcGxpY2FibGUuICgiIChtYXRoICI8ZGFnZ2VyPjxkYWdnZXI+
% IikgIikgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0IChhcm91bmQqICJ8IiAiVCIgInwiKSAiLzIiKSkgIiBpcyB0aGUg
% ZXhwZWN0ZWQgc2l6ZSBvZiBhIHNldCAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIlMiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIi08
% Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSkgIiBzYW1wbGVkIGZyb20gIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICIyIiAocnN1
% cCAiVCIpKSkgIiwgYW5kIGhlbmNlIG9mIGl0cyBjb21wbGVtZW50LiAiIChtYXRoICJLIikgIiBpcyB0
% aGUgbnVtYmVyIG9mIHNhbXBsZXMgdGFrZW4sIGkuZS4gb2YgcGVybXV0YXRpb25zIGZvciBhbGwgbWV0
% aG9kcywgZXhjZXB0IGZvciBMZWFzdCBDb3JlLCB3aGVyZSB3ZSBzYW1wbGUgZnJvbSB0aGUgcG93ZXJz
% ZXQuIEZvciBDUy1TaGFwbGV5LCAiIChtYXRoICJSIikgIiBpcyB0aGUgbnVtYmVyIG9mIGNvbnRleHQg
% c2FtcGxlcyAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgIlMiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIi08Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImki
% KSkpKSkgIi4iKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAocGFyYWdyYXBoICJMZWF2ZS1PbmUtT3V0OiIpICJCYXNlbGluZSwg
% bm8gcGFyYW1ldGVycy4gVmFsdWVzIGdpdmVuIGJ5ICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZXE6bG9vIikgIi4iKSAo
% Y29uY2F0IChwYXJhZ3JhcGggKGNvbmNhdCAiVHJ1bmNhdGVkIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIFNoYXBsZXksIFRN
% Q1MgKCIgKGNpdGUgImdob3JiYW5pX2RhdGFfMjAxOSIpICIpOiIpKSAiVGhpcyB3YXMgdGhlIGZpcnN0
% IGVmZmljaWVudCBTaGFwbGV5LWJhc2VkIG1ldGhvZCBhbmQgcmVtYWlucyBvbmUgb2YgdGhlIG1vc3Qg
% ZWZmZWN0aXZlIGFwcHJveGltYXRpb25zLiBJdCBpdGVyYXRlcyBvdmVyIHBlcm11dGF0aW9ucyBvZiB0
% aGUgaW5kZXggc2V0IG9mICIgKG1hdGggIlQiKSAiIHRvIHJlZHVjZSB2YXJpYW5jZSBvZiB0aGUgTW9u
% dGUgQ2FybG8gZXN0aW1hdGUsIGFuZCBoZXVyaXN0aWMgc3RvcHBpbmcgdG8gcmVkdWNlIGNvbXB1dGF0
% aW9uLiBGb3IgZXZlcnkgcGVybXV0YXRpb24sIG1hcmdpbmFsIHV0aWxpdGllcyBhcmUgY2FsY3VsYXRl
% ZCBpbmNyZW1lbnRhbGx5IHVzaW5nIHRoZSBuZXh0IGluZGV4IGluIHRoZSBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbi4gVGhl
% IHByb2Nlc3MgaXMgc3RvcHBlZCBlYXJseSBmb3IgYSBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbiB3aGVuIHRoZSByZWxhdGl2
% ZSBjaGFuZ2UgaW4gbWFyZ2luYWwgdXRpbGl0eSBpcyBiZWxvdyBhIHRocmVzaG9sZCAiIChtYXRoICI8
% dmFyZXBzaWxvbj4iKSAiLiIpIChjb25jYXQgKHBhcmFncmFwaCAoY29uY2F0ICJCZXRhIFNoYXBsZXks
% IEJTICgiIChjaXRlICJrd29uX2JldGFfMjAyMiIpICIpOiIpKSAiQSBzZW1pLXZhbHVlIGFwcHJvYWNo
% IGxpa2UgVE1DUywgd2hlcmUgdGhlIHdlaWdodHMgZm9yIHRoZSBtYXJnaW5hbCB1dGlsaXRpZXMgYXJl
% IGRlZmluZWQgdXNpbmcgYSBCZXRhIGZ1bmN0aW9uLiBGb3IgdGhlIHBhcmFtZXRlcnMgd2UgdXNlIHRo
% ZSBiZXN0IHZhbHVlcyBhY2NvcmRpbmcgdG8gdGhlIHBhcGVyLCAiIChtYXRoICI8YWxwaGE+PTE2Iikg
% IiBhbmQgIiAobWF0aCAiPGJldGE+PTEiKSAiLiIpIChjb25jYXQgKHBhcmFncmFwaCAoY29uY2F0ICJD
% Uy1TaGFwbGV5LCBDUyAoIiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIik6IikpICJUaGUg
% a2V5IHBhcmFtZXRlciBtZW50aW9uZWQgaW4gdGhlIHBhcGVyIGlzIHRoZSBudW1iZXIgIiAobWF0aCAi
% UiIpICIgb2YgY29udGV4dCBzYW1wbGVzICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% LTxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpKSAiLCB3aGljaCB3ZSBtaW1pYyB3aXRoICIgKHNtYWxsIChweXRo
% b24gIk1pblVwZGF0ZXMiKSkgIi4gRm9yIGVhY2ggb25lIG9mIHRoZXNlLCBvbmUgcGVybXV0YXRpb24g
% b2YgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJTIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICI8Yi15PiIgKHJzdWIgImkiKSkpKSkg
% IiBpcyB1c2VkLiBBZGRpdGlvbmFsbHksIGEgdGhyZXNob2xkIGlzIHVzZWQgdG8gY29tcGFyZSB0aGUg
% YWJzb2x1dGUgZGlmZmVyZW5jZSBiZXR3ZWVuIHZhbHVlIGVzdGltYXRlcyBhbmQgdXBkYXRlIHRoZSB2
% YWx1ZXMuIEZpbmFsbHksIHRoZXJlIGFyZSB0d28gbWlub3IgdmFyaWFudHMgb2YgdGhlIGFsZ29yaXRo
% bSBub3QgZGV0YWlsZWQgaW4gdGhlIHBhcGVyLiBUaGVpciBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBkb2VzIG5vdCBj
% b25kaXRpb24gb24gc2V0cyAiIChtYXRoICJTIikgIiB3aXRoICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAoYXJvdW5k
% KiAifCIgIlMiICJ8IikgIjxsZXNzPmMtMSIpKSAiLCB3aGVyZSAiIChtYXRoICJjIikgIiBpcyB0aGUg
% bnVtYmVyIG9mIGNsYXNzZXMsIHdoaWNoIGZvciBiaW5hcnkgcHJvYmxlbXMgbWVhbnMgdGhhdCBvbmUg
% bmV2ZXIgY29uZGl0aW9ucyBvbiB0aGUgZW1wdHkgc2V0LiBXZSB1c2UgdGhlIGRlZmF1bHQgaW4gIiAo
% bmFtZSAicHlEVkwiKSAiIHdoaWNoIGRvZXMgbm90IGluY2x1ZGUgdGhpcyByZXN0cmljdGlvbiwgaGVu
% Y2Ugc29tZXRpbWVzIGNvbmRpdGlvbmluZyBvbiAiIChtYXRoICJTPTxlbXB0eXNldD4iKSAiIGFuZCBz
% ZXR0aW5nICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAidSIgKGFyb3VuZCogIigiICI8ZW1wdHlzZXQ+fFMiICIpIikg
% Ij11IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgIlMiICIpIikpKSAiLiBXZSB0ZXN0ZWQgYm90aCB3aXRob3V0IG9ic2Vy
% dmluZyBtYWpvciBkaWZmZXJlbmNlcy4iKSAoY29uY2F0IChwYXJhZ3JhcGggKGNvbmNhdCAiRGF0YSBC
% YW56aGFmLCBEQiAoIiAoY2l0ZSAid2FuZ19kYXRhXzIwMjIiKSAiKToiKSkgIkEgc2VtaS12YWx1ZSBh
% cHByb2FjaCB3aXRoIGNvbnN0YW50IHdlaWdodHMuIFRoZSBpZGVhIGlzIHRoYXQgZm9yIGFueSBwYXJ0
% aWN1bGFyIGNob2ljZSBvZiB3ZWlnaHRzIHRoZXJlIHdpbGwgYWx3YXlzIGJlIGEgdXRpbGl0eSBmdW5j
% dGlvbiBmb3Igd2hpY2ggdGhleSBwZXJmb3JtIHBvb3JseSwgdGh1cyBtYWtpbmcgYSBjb25zdGFudCB0
% aGUgYmVzdCBjaG9pY2UuIEluIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIgd3J0LiByYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSBvZiB0aGUgbWV0
% aG9kcywgc2VlICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOnJhbmstc3RhYmlsaXR5IikgIi4gVGhlIHBhcGVyIGlu
% dHJvZHVjZXMgYW4gZWZmaWNpZW50IHNhbXBsaW5nIHRlY2huaXF1ZSwgZHViYmVkIE1heGltdW0gU2Ft
% cGxlIFJldXNlLCB3aGljaCB3ZSBkaWQgbm90IHVzZSwgZm9yIHRoZSBzYWtlIG9mIGJldHRlciBjb21w
% YXJpc29uLiBXZSBiZWxpZXZlIHRoYXQgaXQgc2hvdWxkIGJlIHBhcnQgb2YgYSBmdXR1cmUgYmVuY2ht
% YXJrLiIpIChjb25jYXQgKHBhcmFncmFwaCAoY29uY2F0ICJMZWFzdC1Db3JlLCBMQyAoIiAoY2l0ZSAi
% eWFuX2lmXzIwMjEiKSAiKToiKSkgIkFub3RoZXIgZ2FtZS10aGVvcmV0aWMgYXBwcm9hY2guIEl0IGNv
% bXB1dGVzIHZhbHVlcyB3aXRoIGEgc3RhYmlsaXR5IHByb3BlcnR5IGNhbGxlZCAiIChkZm4gIkNvYWxp
% dGlvbmFsIFJhdGlvbmFsaXR5IikgIiwgd2hpY2ggZW5zdXJlcyAoaW4gdGhlIGV4YWN0IGNhc2UpIHRo
% YXQgZXZlcnkgc3Vic2V0IGlzIGFzc2lnbmVkIGFuIGFnZ3JlZ2F0ZSB2YWx1ZSBhdCBsZWFzdCBhcyBs
% YXJnZSBhcyBpdHMgdXRpbGl0eS4iIChmb290bm90ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiVGhpcyBwcmlu
% Y2lwbGUgZ3VhcmFudGVlcyB0aGF0IGVhY2ggZ3JvdXAgaXMgY29tcGVuc2F0ZWQgd2l0aCBhdCBsZWFz
% dCB0aGUgdmFsdWUgaXQgYnJpbmdzIGluIHRlcm1zIG9mIHRoZSBzcGVjaWZpZWQgdXRpbGl0eS4gVGhp
% cyBpcyBkZWVtZWQgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IHJlbGV2YW50IHdoZW4gY29tcGVuc2F0aW5nIG11bHRpcGxl
% IGRhdGEgcHJvdmlkZXJzOiBhcyBhIHB1cmNoYXNlciwgb25lIHdvdWxkIHNlZWsgYSBzeXN0ZW0gb2Yg
% Y3JlZGl0IGFsbG9jYXRpb24gdGhhdCBtb3RpdmF0ZXMgdGhlIGNvbnRyaWJ1dGlvbiBvZiBkYXRhLiBI
% b3dldmVyLCB3ZSBkbyBub3QgYmVsaWV2ZSBMQyBvciBTaGFwbGV5LWJhc2VkIG1ldGhvZHMgdG8gYmUg
% cmVsZXZhbnQgaW4gZGF0YSBtYXJrZXRzIGZvciBwcmFjdGljYWwgcmVhc29ucyBsaWtlIHRoZSBzY2Fy
% Y2l0eSBvZiBkYXRhLCB3aGljaCB0cmFuc2xhdGVzIGludG8gaGlnaGx5IHVuc3RhYmxlIGFuZCBwb3Rl
% bnRpYWwgdW5mYWlyIHZhbHVhdGlvbnMsIGFuZCB0aGUgY29uY2VudHJhdGVkIGRpc3RyaWJ1dGlvbiBv
% ZiB2YWx1ZXMsIHdoaWNoIG1ha2Ugbm9pc2UgYSBtYWpvciBpc3N1ZSAoYmVjYXVzZSBvbmx5IHRob3Nl
% IGF0IHRoZSBleHRyZW1hIGFyZSBzZXBhcmF0ZWQgZW5vdWdoIHRvIGJlIHJvYnVzdCBhZ2FpbnN0IHJh
% bmRvbW5lc3MgaW4gdGhlIHV0aWxpdHksIGNmLiAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImZpZzp2YWx1ZS1kZWNheSIp
% ICIpLiIpKSkgIiBHaXZlbiB0aGUgZGlmZmVyZW50IG5hdHVyZSBvZiB0aGUgYWxnb3JpdGhtLCB3aGlj
% aCBzb2x2ZXMgYSBsaW5lYXIgcHJvZ3JhbSBhbmQgY2Fubm90IHVzZSB0aGUgc2FtZSBjb252ZXJnZW5j
% ZSBjcml0ZXJpYSwgd2UgYXJiaXRyYXJpbHkgY2hvb3NlICIgKG1hdGggIks9NTAwMCIpICIgY29uc3Ry
% YWludHMgdG8ga2VlcCBydW4tdGltZSBtYW5hZ2VhYmxlLiIgKGZvb3Rub3RlIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29u
% Y2F0ICJBIG5hdHVyYWwgY2hvaWNlIHdvdWxkIGJlICIgKG1hdGggIks9MjUwMDAiKSAiIGNvbnN0cmFp
% bnRzLCBpbiBvcmRlciB0byBoYXZlIGEgc2ltaWxhciBudW1iZXIgb2YgZXZhbHVhdGlvbnMgdG8gQmV0
% YSBTaGFwbGV5LCBUTUNTIGFuZCBEYXRhIEJhbnpoYWYuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHRoZSBzb2x2ZXJzIG9mdGVu
% IGZhaWxlZCB0byBjb252ZXJnZSBhbmQgd2UgaGFkIHRvIHJlZHVjZSB0aGUgbnVtYmVyIG9mIGNvbnN0
% cmFpbnRzLCBzZXR0bGluZyBpbiB0aGUgZW5kIGZvciA1MDAwLiBHaXZlbiB0aGF0IExDIHdhcyBub3Qg
% dGhlIGZvY3VzIG9mIHRoaXMgcmVwcm9kdWN0aW9uLCB3ZSBkZWNpZGVkIHRvIHBvc3Rwb25lIGludmVz
% dGlnYXRpb24gb2YgdGhpcyBpc3N1ZS4iKSkpKSAoc3Vic2VjdGlvbiAiTW9kZWxzIGZvciB2YWx1ZSBj
% b21wdXRhdGlvbiIpIChjb25jYXQgIlZhbHVlcyBhcmUgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgZWFjaCBvZiB0aGUg
% bW9kZWxzIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAidGFiOm1vZGVscy1mb3ItdmFsdWVzIikgIiB3aXRoIHRoZSBn
% aXZlbiBwYXJhbWV0ZXIgY2hvaWNlcy4iKSAoYmlnLXRhYmxlICh0YWJ1bGFyICh0Zm9ybWF0IChjd2l0
% aCAiMSIgIjEiICIxIiAiLTEiICJjZWxsLXRib3JkZXIiICIwbG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIg
% Ii0xIiAiY2VsbC1iYm9yZGVyIiAiMC41bG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjIiICIyIiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC10
% Ym9yZGVyIiAiMC41bG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMSIgIjEiICJjZWxsLWxib3JkZXIiICIwbG4i
% KSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIxIiAiMiIgIjIiICJjZWxsLXJib3JkZXIiICIwbG4iKSAoY3dpdGggIjEiICIx
% IiAiMSIgIi0xIiAiY2VsbC1oYWxpZ24iICJjIikgKHRhYmxlIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgKHN0cm9uZyAiTW9k
% ZWwiKSkgKGNlbGwgKHN0cm9uZyAiQ2hhbmdlZCBwYXJhbWV0ZXJzIikpKSAocm93IChjZWxsICJMb2dp
% c3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIikgKGNlbGwgKHNtYWxsIChweXRob24gInNvbHZlcj0nbGlibGluZWFyJyIp
% KSkpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgIkdyYWRpZW50IEJvb3N0aW5nIGNsYXNzaWZpZXIiKSAoY2VsbCAoc21hbGwg
% KGNvbmNhdCAocHl0aG9uICJuX2VzdGltYXRvcnM9NDAiKSAiLCAiIChweXRob24gIm1pbl9zYW1wbGVz
% X2xlYWY9NiIpICIsICIgKHB5dGhvbiAibWF4ZGVwdGg9MiIpKSkpKSAocm93IChjZWxsICJLLU5lYXJl
% c3QgTmVpZ2hib3VycyIpIChjZWxsIChzbWFsbCAoY29uY2F0IChweXRob24gIm5fbmVpZ2hib3JzPTUi
% KSAiLCAiIChweXRob24gIndlaWdodHM9J3VuaWZvcm0nIikpKSkpIChyb3cgKGNlbGwgIlNWTSIpIChj
% ZWxsIChzbWFsbCAocHl0aG9uICJrZXJuZWw9J3JiZiciKSkpKSkpKSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAo
% bGFiZWwgInRhYjptb2RlbHMtZm9yLXZhbHVlcyIpICJNb2RlbHMgdXNlZCB0byBjb21wdXRlIHZhbHVl
% cyBhbmQgY2hhbmdlcyBtYWRlIHRvIHRoZSBkZWZhdWx0IHBhcmFtZXRlcnMgaW4gIiAobmFtZSAic2Np
% a2l0LWxlYXJuIikgIiAxLjIuMi4iKSkpIChjb25jYXQgKHN1YnNlY3Rpb24gIlRhc2tzIGZvciB0aGUg
% ZXZhbHVhdGlvbiBvZiBkYXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2RzIikgKGxhYmVsICJzZWM6ZXZhbHVhdGlv
% bi1kYXRhLXZhbCIpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJEYXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBpcyBwYXJ0aWN1bGFybHkgdXNlZnVs
% IGZvciBkYXRhIHNlbGVjdGlvbiwgcHJ1bmluZyBhbmQgaW5zcGVjdGlvbiBpbiBnZW5lcmFsLiBGb3Ig
% dGhpcyByZWFzb24sIHRoZSBtb3N0IGNvbW1vbiBiZW5jaG1hcmtzIGFyZSAiIChkZm4gImRhdGEgcmVt
% b3ZhbCIpICIgYW5kICIgKGRmbiAibm9pc3kgbGFiZWwgZGV0ZWN0aW9uIikgIi4gV2UgZGVzY3JpYmUg
% dGhlc2UgYW5kIHJlbGF0ZWQgb25lcyBoZXJlLCBhbmQgcHJlc2VudCB0aGUgcmVzdWx0cyBpbiAiIChz
% bWFydC1yZWYgInNlYzpyZXN1bHRzIikgIi4iKSAoY29uY2F0IChwYXJhZ3JhcGggIkhpZ2gtdmFsdWUg
% cG9pbnQgcmVtb3ZhbC4iKSAiKCIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWUiKSAiKSBBZnRlciBj
% b21wdXRpbmcgdGhlIHZhbHVlcyBmb3IgYWxsIGRhdGEgaW4gIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJUPSIgKGFy
% b3VuZCogInsiIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXo+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpICI6aT0xLDxsZG90cz4sbiIpICJ9Iikp
% KSAiLCB0aGUgc2V0IGlzIHNvcnRlZCBieSBkZWNyZWFzaW5nIHZhbHVlLiBXZSBkZW5vdGUgYnkgIiAo
% bWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJUIiAocnN1YiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiWyIgImk6IiAiXSIpKSkpICIgdGhlIHNvcnRl
% ZCBzZXF1ZW5jZSBvZiBwb2ludHMgIiAobWF0aCAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiPGItej4iIChy
% c3ViICJpIikgIiw8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgImkrMSIpICIsPGxkb3RzPiw8Yi16PiIgKHJzdWIgIm4iKSkg
% IikiKSkgIiBmb3IgIiAobWF0aCAiMTxsZXFzbGFudD5pPGxlcXNsYW50Pm4iKSAiLiBOb3cgdHJhaW4g
% c3VjY2Vzc2l2ZWx5ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiZiIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiVCIgKGFyb3VuZCog
% IlsiICJpOiIgIl0iKSkpKSkgIiBhbmQgY29tcHV0ZSBpdHMgYWNjdXJhY3kgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0
% ICJhIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICJUIiAocnN1YiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiWyIgImk6IiAiXSIpKSkpIChhcm91
% bmQqICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICJEIiAocnN1YiAidGVzdCIpKSAiKSIpKSkgIiBvbiB0aGUgaGVsZC1vdXQg
% dGVzdCBzZXQsIHRoZW4gcGxvdCBhbGwgbnVtYmVycy4gQnkgdXNpbmcgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJE
% IiAocnN1YiAidGVzdCIpKSkgIiBvbmUgYXBwcm94aW1hdGVzIHRoZSBleHBlY3RlZCBhY2N1cmFjeSBk
% cm9wIG9uIHVuc2VlbiBkYXRhLiBCZWNhdXNlIHRoZSBwb2ludHMgcmVtb3ZlZCBoYXZlIGEgaGlnaCB2
% YWx1ZSwgb25lIGV4cGVjdHMgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgdG8gZHJvcCB2aXNpYmx5IHdydC4gYSByYW5kb20g
% YmFzZWxpbmUuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAocGFyYWdyYXBoICJMb3ctdmFsdWUgcG9pbnQgcmVtb3ZhbC4iKSAi
% IFRoZSBjb21wbGVtZW50YXJ5IGV4cGVyaW1lbnQgcmVtb3ZlcyBkYXRhIGluIGluY3JlYXNpbmcgb3Jk
% ZXIsIHdpdGggbG93ZXN0IHZhbHVlZCBwb2ludHMgZmlyc3QuIEhlcmUgb25lIGV4cGVjdHMgcGVyZm9y
% bWFuY2UgdG8gaW5jcmVhc2UgcmVsYXRpdmVseSB0byByYW5kb21seSByZW1vdmluZyBwb2ludHMgYmVm
% b3JlIHRyYWluaW5nLiBBZGRpdGlvbmFsbHksIGV2ZXJ5IHJlYWwgZGF0YXNldCB3aWxsIGluY2x1ZGUg
% c2xpZ2h0bHkgb3V0LW9mLWRpc3RyaWJ1dGlvbiBwb2ludHMsIHNvIG9uZSBzaG91bGQgYWxzbyBleHBl
% Y3QgYW4gYWJzb2x1dGUgaW5jcmVhc2UgaW4gcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugd2hlbiBzb21lIG9mIHRoZSBsb3dl
% c3QgdmFsdWVkIHBvaW50cyBhcmUgcmVtb3ZlZC4iKSAoY29uY2F0IChwYXJhZ3JhcGggIlZhbHVlIHRy
% YW5zZmVyLiIpICIoIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJzZWM6dmFsdWUtdHJhbnNmZXIiKSAiKSBUaGlzIGV4cGVy
% aW1lbnQgZXhwbG9yZXMgdGhlIGV4dGVudCB0byB3aGljaCBkYXRhIHZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCB3aXRo
% IG9uZSAoY2hlYXApIG1vZGVsIGNhbiBiZSB0cmFuc2ZlcnJlZCB0byBhbm90aGVyIChwb3RlbnRpYWxs
% eSBtb3JlIGNvbXBsZXgpIG9uZS4gRGlmZmVyZW50IGNsYXNzaWZpZXJzIGFyZSB1c2VkIGFzIGEgc291
% cmNlIHRvIGNhbGN1bGF0ZSBkYXRhIHZhbHVlcy4gVGhlc2UgdmFsdWVzIGFyZSB0aGVuIHVzZWQgaW4g
% dGhlIHBvaW50IHJlbW92YWwgdGFza3MgZGVzY3JpYmVkIGFib3ZlLCBidXQgdXNpbmcgYSBkaWZmZXJl
% bnQgKHRhcmdldCkgbW9kZWwgZm9yIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gb2YgdGhlIGFjY3VyYWNpZXMgIiAobWF0aCAo
% Y29uY2F0ICJhIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICJUIiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiWyIgImk6IiAiXSIpKSkpKSAiLiBB
% IG11bHRpLWxheWVyIHBlcmNlcHRyb24gaXMgYWRkZWQgZm9yIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gYXMgd2VsbC4iKSAo
% Y29uY2F0IChwYXJhZ3JhcGggIk5vaXN5IGxhYmVsIGRldGVjdGlvbi4iKSAiKCIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAi
% c2VjOm5vaXNlLWRldGVjdGlvbiIpICIpIFRoaXMgZXhwZXJpbWVudCB0ZXN0cyB0aGUgYWJpbGl0eSBv
% ZiBhIG1ldGhvZCB0byBkZXRlY3QgbWlzbGFiZWxlZCBpbnN0YW5jZXMgaW4gdGhlIGRhdGEuIEEgZml4
% ZWQgZnJhY3Rpb24gIiAobWF0aCAiPGFscGhhPiIpICIgb2YgdGhlIHRyYWluaW5nIGRhdGEgYXJlIHBp
% Y2tlZCBhdCByYW5kb20gYW5kIHRoZWlyIGxhYmVscyBmbGlwcGVkLiBEYXRhIHZhbHVlcyBhcmUgY29t
% cHV0ZWQsIHRoZW4gdGhlICIgKG1hdGggIjxhbHBoYT4iKSAiLWZyYWN0aW9uIG9mIGxvd2VzdC12YWx1
% ZWQgcG9pbnRzIGFyZSBzZWxlY3RlZCwgYW5kIHRoZSBvdmVybGFwIHdpdGggdGhlIHN1YnNldCBvZiBm
% bGlwcGVkIHBvaW50cyBpcyBjb21wdXRlZC4iIChmb290bm90ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiVGhp
% cyBzeW50aGV0aWMgZXhwZXJpbWVudCBpcyBob3dldmVyIGhhcmQgdG8gcHV0IGludG8gcHJhY3RpY2Fs
% IHVzZSwgc2luY2UgdGhlIGZyYWN0aW9uICIgKG1hdGggIjxhbHBoYT4iKSAiIGlzIG9mIGNvdXJzZSB1
% bmtub3duIGluIHByYWN0aWNlLiIpKSkpIChjb25jYXQgKHBhcmFncmFwaCAiUmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHku
% IikgIigiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgInNlYzpyYW5rLXN0YWJpbGl0eSIpICIpIEZvbGxvd2luZyAiIChjaXRl
% ICJ3YW5nX2RhdGFfMjAyMiIpICIsIHdlIGxvb2sgYXQgaG93IHN0YWJsZSB0aGUgdG9wICIgKG1hdGgg
% ImsiKSAiJSBvZiB0aGUgdmFsdWVzIGlzIGFjcm9zcyBydW5zLiBSYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSBvZiBhIG1l
% dGhvZCBpcyBuZWNlc3NhcnkgYnV0IG5vdCBzdWZmaWNpZW50IGZvciBnb29kIHJlc3VsdHMuIElkZWFs
% bHkgb25lIHdhbnRzIHRvIGlkZW50aWZ5IGhpZ2gtdmFsdWUgcG9pbnRzIHJlbGlhYmx5IChnb29kIHBy
% ZWNpc2lvbiBhbmQgcmVjYWxsKSBhbmQgY29uc2lzdGVudGx5IChnb29kIHJhbmsgc3RhYmlsaXR5KS4i
% KSAoY29uY2F0IChwYXJhZ3JhcGggIldlaWdodGVkIEFjY3VyYWN5IERyb3AuIikgIigiIChzbWFydC1y
% ZWYgInNlYzp3YWQiKSAiKSBXaGlsZSBub3QgYSBuZXcgdGFzaywgdGhlIGF1dGhvcnMgb2YgIiAoY2l0
% ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIiBpbnRyb2R1Y2UgdGhlIG1ldHJpYyAiIChkZm4gIldl
% aWdodGVkIEFjY3VyYWN5IERyb3AiKSAiICgiIChuYW1lICJXQUQiKSAiKSBhcyBhbiBhZ2dyZWdhdGUg
% d2F5IG9mIG1lYXN1cmluZyBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBkcm9wIGluIGhpZ2gtdmFsdWUgcG9pbnQgcmVtb3Zh
% bCB3aXRoIGEgc2luZ2xlIHNjYWxhci4gR2l2ZW4gYSBmaXhlZCB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kLCB3aXRo
% IHRoZSBub3RhdGlvbiBhYm92ZToiKSAoZXF1YXRpb24gKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImVxOndhZCIpICJX
% QUQiIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAiVCIgIikiKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4iIChiaWcgInN1bSIpIChyc3ViICJqPTEi
% KSAocnN1cCAibiIpIChmcmFjICIxIiAiaiIpICIqIiAoYmlnICJzdW0iKSAocnN1YiAidD0xIikgKHJz
% dXAgImoiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiYSIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiVCIgKHJzdWIgKGFy
% b3VuZCogIlsiICJ0OiIgIl0iKSkpKSAiLWEiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIlQiIChyc3ViIChhcm91bmQq
% ICJbIiAidCsxOiIgIl0iKSkpKSkgIikiKSAiPGFwcHJveD4iIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAoY29uY2F0ICJs
% b2ciIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAibiIgIikiKSAiK0MiKSAiKSIpICIqYSIgKHJzdWIgKGNvbmNhdCAiVCIg
% KHJzdWIgKGFyb3VuZCogIlsiICIxOiIgIl0iKSkpKSAiLSIgKGJpZyAic3VtIikgKHJzdWIgImo9MSIp
% IChyc3VwICJuIikgKGZyYWMgIjEiICJqIikgIiphIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICJUIiAocnN1YiAoYXJv
% dW5kKiAiWyIgImorMToiICJdIikpKSkgIiwiKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAid2hlcmUgd2Ugc2ltcGxpZmllZCB0
% aGUgZXhwcmVzc2lvbiBieSB1c2luZyB0aGUgdGVsZXNjb3BpYyBuYXR1cmUgb2YgdGhlIGlubmVyIHN1
% bSwgYW5kIHRoZSBjbGFzc2ljYWwgYXBwcm94aW1hdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgaGFybW9uaWMgc2VyaWVzIGZv
% ciBsYXJnZSAiIChtYXRoICJuIikgIiwgd2l0aCAiIChtYXRoICJDPGd0cj4wIikgIiBhIGNvbnN0YW50
% LiBUaGlzIHdlaWdodGVkIG1lYW4gcGxhY2VzIG1vcmUgd2VpZ2h0IG9uIHRyYWluaW5nIHdpdGggdGhl
% IGhpZ2hlc3QgdmFsdWVkIHBvaW50cywgd2hlcmUgb25lIGhvcGVzIHRvIHNlZSB0aGUgaGlnaGVzdCBk
% ZWNyZWFzZSBpbiBhY2N1cmFjeS4gTm90ZSB0aGF0IHVuZGVyIHRoZSB0aGlyZCByYW5kb21uZXNzIHNj
% ZW5hcmlvLCBpLmUuIHdoZW4ga2VlcGluZyBhbGwgYnV0IHRoZSBpbm5lciBzYW1wbGluZyBvZiBtZXRo
% b2RzIGNvbnN0YW50LCB0aGUgdmFsdWUgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJhIiAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICJU
% IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiWyIgIjE6IiAiXSIpKSkpKSAiIHdpbGwgYmUgZXF1YWwgZm9yIGFsbCBtZXRob2Rz
% IGNvbXBhcmVkLCBtYWtpbmcgdGhlIGZpcnN0IHRlcm0gYSBjb25zdGFudCBzaGlmdCwgYW5kIHRoZSBz
% ZWNvbmQgdGVybSB0aGUgb25seSBlZmZlY3RpdmUgb25lLiIgKGZvb3Rub3RlIChkb2N1bWVudCAiVGhp
% cyBjaGFuZ2VzIGhvd2V2ZXIgaWYgb25lIHJldHJhaW5zIHdpdGggZGlmZmVyZW50IHNlZWRzIHRvIGNv
% bXB1dGUgYWNjdXJhY2llcy4iKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIldoaWxlIFdBRCBpcyBjb252ZW5pZW50IGZvciBj
% b21wYXJpc29uLCBhbmQgaXQgaXMgcG9zc2libGUgdG8gYWRkIGNvbmZpZGVuY2UgaW50ZXJ2YWxzIGFz
% IGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOndhZC1sci1sciIpICIsIHdlIGZpbmQgdGhhdCBpdCBoYXMgc2V2
% ZXJhbCBkcmF3YmFja3MuIEZpcnN0LCBpdCBpcyBlZmZlY3RpdmVseSBhIHdlaWdodGVkIG1lYW4gb2Yg
% dGhlIHRhaWwgYWNjdXJhY2llcyAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgImEiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIlQiIChh
% cm91bmQqICJbIiAiaisxOiIgIl0iKSkpKSkgIiwgZm9yIHdoaWNoIG9uZSBjb3VsZCBhcmd1ZSB0aGF0
% IHN0cm9uZ2VyIGRlY2F5cyBtYWtlIG1vcmUgc2Vuc2UgKG1heWJlIGV2ZW4gY2xpcHBpbmcpLiBNb3Jl
% IGltcG9ydGFudGx5LCBpdCBkb2VzIG5vdCB0YWtlIGludG8gYWNjb3VudCB0aGUgaGV0ZXJvc2NlZGFz
% dGljaXR5IG9mIHRoZSBhY2N1cmFjeS4gSW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJmaWc6YWNjLWxyLWxyIikgIiB3
% ZSBjYW4gc2VlIHRoYXQgdGhlIDk1JSBDSSB0ZW5kcyB0byBncm93IGFzIGRhdGEgYXJlIHJlbW92ZWQg
% ZnJvbSAiIChtYXRoICJUIikgIiwgcG9zc2libHkgcmVmbGVjdGluZyB0aGUgZmFjdCB0aGF0IGFmdGVy
% IHRoZSBmZXcgaW5pdGlhbCBoaWdoIHZhbHVlcywgbWFueSBhcmUgdmVyeSBzbWFsbCwgaW5kdWNpbmcg
% Y2hhbmdlcyBpbiB0aGVpciByYW5raW5nIChzZWUgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJmaWc6dmFsdWUtZGVjYXki
% KSAiIGZvciB0aGUgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uIG9mIHZhbHVlcykuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAocGFyYWdyYXBoICJW
% YXJpYW5jZSBBZGp1c3RlZCBSZWxhdGl2ZSBXZWlnaHRlZCBBY2N1cmFjeSBEcm9wLiIpICJGb3IgdGhl
% IGFmb3JlbWVudGlvbmVkIHJlYXNvbiwgd2UgcHJvcG9zZSBhbiBhZGp1c3RtZW50IGJhc2VkIG9uIHRo
% ZSBzdGFuZGFyZCBlcnJvci4gV2UgYWxzbyBjb21wYXJlIHRvIHJhbmRvbSB2YWx1ZXMgYXQgdGhlIHNh
% bWUgdGltZSBzdGVwLCBhbiBhcHByb2FjaCB3ZSBiZWxpZXZlIHRvIGJlIG1vcmUgaW5mb3JtYXRpdmUg
% YW5kIGVhc2llciB0byBpbnRlcnByZXQuIEZpbmFsbHksIHdlIGtlZXAgdGhlIGh5cGVyYm9saWMgZGVj
% YXkgcmF0ZSBmb3IgYSBjbG9zZXIgY29tcGFyaXNvbiB0byBXQUQsIGFuZCB0byBhdm9pZCBhbiBhZGRp
% dGlvbmFsIGRlZ3JlZSBvZiBmcmVlZG9tIGNob29zaW5nIGRlY2F5IHJhdGVzLiIpIChjb25jYXQgIkxl
% dCB0aGUgdmFsdWF0aW9uIG1ldGhvZHMgYmUgaW5kZXhlZCB3aXRoICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiazxp
% bj4iIChhcm91bmQqICJ7IiAiMCw8bGRvdHM+LG0iICJ9IikpKSAiLCB3aGVyZSAiIChtYXRoICJrPTAi
% KSAiIGlzIHJhbmRvbSB2YWx1YXRpb24uIExldCAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgInA8aW4+IiAoYXJvdW5k
% KiAieyIgKGNvbmNhdCAiMSw8bGRvdHM+LG4iIChyc3ViICJydW5zIikpICJ9IikpKSAiIGluZGV4IHJ1
% bnMuIE91ciBwcm9wb3NlZCBtZXRyaWMgIiAobmFtZSAiVmFyV0FEIikgIiBmb3IgcnVuICIgKG1hdGgg
% InAiKSAiIGFuZCBtZXRob2QgIiAobWF0aCAiazxndHI+MCIpICIgaXMgZGVmaW5lZCBhcyB0aGUgYXZl
% cmFnZSB3ZWlnaHRlZCBkaWZmZXJlbmNlIHRvIHRoZSBtZWFuIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGFjaGlldmVkIHdp
% dGggcmFuZG9tIHZhbHVlczoiKSAoZXF1YXRpb24gKGRvY3VtZW50IChjb25jYXQgIlZhcldBRCIgKGFy
% b3VuZCogIigiICJULHAsayIgIikiKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4iIChiaWcgInN1bSIpIChyc3ViICJ0PTEiKSAo
% cnN1cCAibiIpICJ3IiAocnN1YiAiayIpIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAidCIgIikiKSAiKiIgKGFyb3VuZCog
% IigiIChjb25jYXQgImEiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIlQiIChyc3VwICJwIikgKHJzdWIgImsiKSAoYXJv
% dW5kKiAiWyIgInQ6IiAiXSIpKSkgIi0iICh3aWRlICJhIiAiPHdpZGUtYmFyPiIpIChyc3ViIChjb25j
% YXQgIlQiIChyc3ViICIwIikgKGFyb3VuZCogIlsiICJ0OiIgIl0iKSkpKSAiKSIpICIsIiAobGFiZWwg
% ImVxOnZhcndhZCIpKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIndoZXJlICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAod2lkZSAiYSIgIjx3
% aWRlLWJhcj4iKSAocnN1YiAoY29uY2F0ICJUIiAocnN1YiAiayIpIChhcm91bmQqICJbIiAidDoiICJd
% IikpKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4iIChmcmFjICIxIiAoY29uY2F0ICJuIiAocnN1YiAicnVucyIpKSkgIioiIChi
% aWcgInN1bSIpIChyc3ViICJwPTEiKSAocnN1cCAoY29uY2F0ICJuIiAocnN1YiAicnVucyIpKSkgImEi
% IChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIlQiIChyc3ViICJrIikgKHJzdXAgInAiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiWyIgInQ6IiAi
% XSIpKSkpKSAiIGlzIHRoZSBhdmVyYWdlIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIG9mIHRoZSAoZml4ZWQpIG1vZGVsIHdo
% ZW4gdHJhaW5lZCBvbiB0aGUgc3Vic2V0cyBvZiAiIChtYXRoICJUIikgIiBmcm9tIHRoZSAiIChtYXRo
% ICJ0IikgIi10aCBpbmRleCBvbndhcmRzLCBhcyBzb3J0ZWQgYnkgZGVjcmVhc2luZyB2YWx1ZSBieSBt
% ZXRob2QgIiAobWF0aCAiayIpICIgaW4gYWxsIHJ1bnMgIiAobWF0aCAicCIpICIuIFRoZSBkaWZmZXJl
% bmNlcyBhcmUgd2VpZ2h0ZWQgYnkgaHlwZXJib2xpYyBkZWNheSBsaWtlIFdBRCwgYW5kIGJ5IHN0YW5k
% YXJkIGVycm9yIGF0IGVhY2ggdGltZS1zdGVwIGFjcm9zcyBhbGwgcnVuczogIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0
% ICJ3IiAocnN1YiAiayIpIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAidCIgIikiKSAiPGFzc2lnbj4iIChhcm91bmQqICIo
% IiAoY29uY2F0ICIxLSIgKHdpZGUgInMiICJ+IikgKHJzdWIgImsiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgInQiICIp
% IikpICIpIikgIi90IikpICIsIHdoZXJlICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAod2lkZSAicyIgIn4iKSAocnN1
% YiAiayIpIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAidCIgIikiKSAiPSIgKGZyYWMgKGNvbmNhdCAicyIgKHJzdWIgImsi
% KSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgInQiICIpIikpIChjb25jYXQgIm1heCIgKHJzdWIgInQiKSAiIHMiIChyc3Vi
% ICJrIikgKGFyb3VuZCogIigiICJ0IiAiKSIpKSkpKSAiIGlzIHRoZSBub3JtYWxpemVkIHN0YW5kYXJk
% IGVycm9yICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAicyIgKHJzdWIgImsiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgInQiICIpIikp
% KSAiIGFjcm9zcyBydW5zIGF0IHRpbWUtc3RlcCAiIChtYXRoICJ0IikgIiBmb3IgbWV0aG9kICIgKG1h
% dGggImsiKSAiLiBUaGUgZWZmZWN0IG9mIHRoaXMgY29ycmVjdGlvbiBpcyB0byBmdXJ0aGVyIHJlZHVj
% ZSBjb250cmlidXRpb25zIHdoZXJlIG5vaXNlIGlzIGhpZ2gsIGFuZCB0byBzZXQgdGhlbSB0byAwIHdo
% ZW4gaXQgaXMgYXQgaXRzIG1heGltdW0uIikgKGNvbmNhdCAoc3Vic2VjdGlvbiAiUmFuZG9tbmVzcyBp
% biB2YWx1ZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbnMiKSAobGFiZWwgInNlYzpzb3VyY2VzLW9mLXJhbmRvbW5lc3MiKSkg
% IlRoZXJlIGFyZSB0aHJlZSBwb3RlbnRpYWwgc291cmNlcyBvZiByYW5kb21uZXNzIHRoYXQgYWZmZWN0
% IHRoZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiBvZiBTaGFwbGV5LWxpa2UgdmFsdWVzLiBUaGUgZmlyc3QgdHdvIHN0ZW0g
% ZnJvbSB0aGUgc3RvY2hhc3RpY2l0eSBvZiBtb2RlbCBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSwgd2hpbGUgdGhlIGxhc3Qg
% b25lIGlzIGR1ZSB0byB0aGUgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8gYXBwcm94aW1hdGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIHZhbHVlOiIg
% KGVudW1lcmF0ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAoaXRlbSkgIkZvciBhIGZpeGVkICIgKG1hdGggIlM8
% c3Vic2V0ZXE+VCIpICIsIHRoZSB1dGlsaXR5ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAidSIgKGFyb3VuZCogIigi
% ICJTIiAiKSIpKSkgIiBpcyBhZmZlY3RlZCBieSB0aGUgcmFuZG9tbmVzcyBpbiB0aGUgdHJhaW5pbmcg
% YWxnb3JpdGhtIG1hcHBpbmcgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJTPG1hcHN0bz5mIiAocnN1YiAiUyIpKSkg
% Ii4gRS5nLiBmb3IgU0dELCBkaWZmZXJlbnQgaW5pdGlhbCB3ZWlnaHRzLCBhbmQgZGlmZmVyZW50IHNl
% cXVlbmNlcyBvZiBtaW5pYmF0Y2hlcyAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgKGFyb3VuZCogIigiIChjb25jYXQg
% IkIiIChyc3ViICJqIikpICIpIikgKHJzdWIgImo9MSIpIChyc3VwICJOIikgIjxzdWJzZXRlcT5TIikp
% ICIgd2lsbCBwcm9kdWNlIGRpZmZlcmVudCBtb2RlbHMgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJmIiAocnN1YiAi
% UyIpKSkgIi4iIChmb290bm90ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgIkluIG91ciBleHBlcmltZW50cyB0aGlzIGlzIGhv
% d2V2ZXIgbm90IHRoZSBjYXNlIGZvciBtb3N0IG1vZGVscyIpKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoaXRlbSkgIkZvciBh
% IGZpeGVkLCB0cmFpbmVkIG1vZGVsICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiZiIgKHJzdWIgIlMiKSAiICIpKSAi
% LCB0aGVyZSB3aWxsIGJlIG5vaXNlIGluIHRoZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgc2NvcmUuIEUuZy4g
% dGhlIGFjY3VyYWN5ICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiYSIgKHJzdWIgIkQiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgIlMi
% ICIpIikpKSAiIGlzIGFuIGVtcGlyaWNhbCByaXNrIGVzdGltYXRlIGZvciBzb21lIGxvc3MgIiAobWF0
% aCAibCIpICIgKGUuZy4gMC0xIGxvc3MpLCBhbmQgdGhlIGRpc3RhbmNlIHRvIHRoZSB0cnVlICIgKGRm
% biAiZ2VuZXJhbGl6YXRpb24gZXJyb3IiKSAiICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiPGJiYi1FPiIgKHJzdWIg
% IlgsWSIpIChhcm91bmQqICJbIiAoY29uY2F0ICJsIiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAiZiIgKHJz
% dWIgIlMiKSAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgIlgiICIpIikgIixZIikgIikiKSkgIl0iKSkpICIgd2lsbCBkZXBl
% bmQgb24gdGhlIGNob2ljZSBvZiB2YWx1YXRpb24gc2V0ICIgKG1hdGggIkQiKSAiLiIpIChjb25jYXQg
% KGl0ZW0pICJUaGUgc2V0IG9mIHNhbXBsZXMgIiAobWF0aCAoYXJvdW5kKiAieyIgKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIg
% KHJzdWIgImoiKSAiPHN1YnNldGVxPlQ6aj0xLDxsZG90cz4sTSIpICJ9IikpICIgdXNlZCB0byBhcHBy
% b3hpbWF0ZSB0aGUgc3VtcyAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImVxOmNvbmRpdGlvbmFsLWN3cyIpICIgYW5kICIg
% KHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZXE6Y3dzLXZhbHVlIikgIi4iKSkpIChjb25jYXQgIklmIG9uZSBpcyBpbnRlcmVz
% dGVkIGluIGV2YWx1YXRpbmcgdGhlIGNvbnZlcmdlbmNlIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgb2YgYSBjZXJ0YWluIHZh
% bHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2QgKGUuZy4gaG93IGdvb2QgdGhlIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGFwcHJveGltYXRpb24g
% aXMpLCBvbmUgbXVzdCBmb2N1cyBvbiB0aGUgdGhpcmQgaXRlbS4gT25lIGZyZWV6ZXMgdGhlIGRhdGFz
% ZXQgc3BsaXQsIHRoZSBjaG9pY2Ugb2Ygc3Vic2V0cyAiIChtYXRoIChhcm91bmQqICJ7IiAoY29uY2F0
% ICJTIiAocnN1YiAiaiIpICI8c3Vic2V0ZXE+VDpqPTEsPGxkb3RzPixNIikgIn0iKSkgIiBhbmQgdXRp
% bGl0eSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbnMgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJ1IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% UyIgKHJzdWIgImoiKSkgIikiKSkpICIgKHdoaWNoIGlzIGVxdWl2YWxlbnQgdG8gcmV0cmFpbmluZyB3
% aXRoIHRoZSBzYW1lIHNlcXVlbmNlIG9mIGJhdGNoZXMgLyBpbml0aWFsaXphdGlvbiAvIHJhbmRvbSBz
% ZWVkKSwgYW5kIGNvbXB1dGVzIHRoZSBkaWZmZXJlbnQgdmFsdWVzIHdpdGggdGhlc2UgZml4ZWQuIEEg
% bmV3IHJ1biBvZiB0aGUgZXhwZXJpbWVudCB3aWxsIGtlZXAgdGhlIHNwbGl0LCBidXQgc2FtcGxlIHRo
% ZSBzdWJzZXRzICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAiUyIgKHJzdWIgImoiKSkpICIgYW5ldyBhbmQgY29tcHV0
% ZSBhbnkgbmV3IHV0aWxpdGllcyAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgInUiIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAoY29uY2F0
% ICJTIiAocnN1YiAiaiIpKSAiKSIpKSkgIiwgcmV1c2luZyB0aGUgcmVzdWx0cyBmb3IgYWxsIHZhbHVh
% dGlvbiBtZXRob2RzLiBUaGlzIGlzIHRoZSBhcHByb2FjaCB3ZSBmb2xsb3cgd2hlbmV2ZXIgcG9zc2li
% bGUuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAiSG93ZXZlciwgdGhlIGFib3ZlIHByb2NlZHVyZSBjYW4gcHJvZHVjZSByZXN1
% bHRzIHdoaWNoIGFyZSBtaXNsZWFkaW5nIGZyb20gYSBwcmFjdGl0aW9uZXIncyBwb2ludCBvZiB2aWV3
% LiBJZiBpbnRlcmVzdGVkIGluIHRoZSBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSAQaW4gdGhlIHdpbGQRLCBvbmUgd2FudHMg
% dG8gYXQgbGVhc3QgY29uc2lkZXIgdGhlIHNlbnNpdGl2aXR5IG9mIHRoZSBtZXRob2QgdG8gdGhlIHZh
% cmlhbmNlIGluIHRoZSBlc3RpbWF0aW9uIG9mIGdlbmVyYWxpemF0aW9uIGVycm9yLCBtYWlubHkgaW4g
% b3JkZXIgdG8gdW5kZXJzdGFuZCB0aGUgaW1wYWN0IHRoYXQgdGhlIHNpemUgb2YgIiAobWF0aCAiRCIp
% ICIgaGFzLiIgKGZvb3Rub3RlIChkb2N1bWVudCAoY29uY2F0ICJOb3RlIHRoYXQgaXQgaXMgbm90IHRo
% ZSBtYWduaXR1ZGUgb2YgdGhpcyBlcnJvciBpbiBpdHNlbGYsIGJ1dCB0aGUgdmFyaWF0aW9uIGluIHZh
% bHVlIHJhbmtpbmcgYXMgYSBmdW5jdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgY2hvaWNlIG9mICIgKG1hdGggIkQiKSAiIHRo
% YXQgaXMgb2YgaW50ZXJlc3QuIE5vdGUgYWxzbyB0aGF0IHdlIGFyZSBhc3N1bWluZyBpLmkuZC4gc2Ft
% cGxlcyBidXQgb2YgY291cnNlICIgKG1hdGggIkQiKSAiIG1pZ2h0IGNvbnRhaW4gb3V0bGllcnMsIGFu
% ZCBtaXNsYWJlbGVkIG9yIGNvcnJ1cHQgZGF0YSwgdGh1cyBkaXN0b3J0aW5nIHZhbHVlIGNvbXB1dGF0
% aW9ucy4iKSkpICIgSW4gYWRkaXRpb24sIGl0IGlzIGNydWNpYWwgdG8gY29uc2lkZXIgdGhlIHN0YWJp
% bGl0eSBvZiB0aGUgdmFsdWF0aW9uIHByb2NlZHVyZSB3cnQuIG5vaXNlIGluICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNh
% dCAidSIgKGFyb3VuZCogIigiICJTIiAiKSIpKSkgIiwgZS5nLiBmb3IgdW5zdGFibGUgc3RvY2hhc3Rp
% YyB0cmFpbmluZyBwcm9jZWR1cmVzLiBBcyBkaXNjdXNzZWQgYWJvdmUsIG1ldGhvZHMgbGlrZSBCZXRh
% LVNoYXBsZXkgYW5kIERCIHRyeSB0byB0YWNrbGUgdGhpcyB3aXRoIGJldHRlciBjaG9pY2VzIGZvciB0
% aGUgd2VpZ2h0cyBvZiBtYXJnaW5hbCBjb250cmlidXRpb25zLiIpIChzdWJzZWN0aW9uICJJbXBsZW1l
% bnRhdGlvbiBkZXRhaWxzIikgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgcmFuIGFsbCBleHBlcmltZW50cyB3aXRoIHRoZSBt
% ZXRob2QgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb25zIGF2YWlsYWJsZSBpbiB0aGUgb3BlbiBzb3VyY2UgbGlicmFyeSAi
% IChuYW1lICJQeURWTCIpICIgdjAuOC4wICgiIChjaXRlICJ0cmFuc2ZlcmxhYl9weWR2bF8yMDIyIikg
% IiksIG9uIHNldmVyYWwgaGlnaC1jcHUgVk1zIG9mIGEgY2xvdWQgdmVuZG9yLiBXZSBpbml0aWFsbHkg
% dXNlZCAiIChuYW1lICJEVkMiKSAiIHRvIG9yZ2FuaXplIHRoZSBleHBlcmltZW50IHBpcGVsaW5lcywg
% YnV0IGxvY2stZmlsZSB3cml0aW5nIHRpbWVzIGFmdGVyIGVhY2ggY29tYmluYXRpb24gb2YgcGFyYW1l
% dGVycyB3aGVyZSB0b28gbG9uZyAoaW4gdGhlIHNldmVyYWwgbWludXRlcyBlYWNoIHRpbWUpLiBEZXNw
% aXRlIGEgcmFtZGlzayBiZWluZyBhIHBvdGVudGlhbCB3b3JrYXJvdW5kLCB0aGlzIG1vdGl2YXRlZCBh
% IHN3aXRjaCB0byAiIChuYW1lICJNTEZsb3ciKSAiICgiIChjaXRlICJ3aWxzb25fbWxmbG93XzIwMjMi
% KSAiKS4gQ29kZSBmb3IgYWxsIG91ciBleHBlcmltZW50cyBpcyBhdmFpbGFibGUgaW4gIiAodG9kbyAo
% aW5hY3RpdmUgKGNpdGUgInJlcG8iKSkpICIsIGluY2x1ZGluZyBib3RoIHNldHVwcy4gSW4gb3JkZXIg
% dG8gYmVzdCBjb21wYXJlIG1ldGhvZHMgYW5kIG1heGltYWxseSByZXVzZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiwgd2Ug
% ZW1wbG95ZWQgIiAobmFtZSAiUHlEVkwiKSAiJ3MgY2FjaGluZyBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIGZvciB0aGUgdXRp
% bGl0eSBmdW5jdGlvbi4iKSAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSBjb25zaXN0ZW50bHkgb2JzZXJ2ZWQgc29tZSBkaXNj
% cmVwYW5jaWVzIGJldHdlZW4gdGhlIHJlc3VsdHMgaW4gIiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8y
% MDIyIikgIiBhbmQgb3VycywgbmFtZWx5IGRpZmZlcmVudCBiYXNlbGluZSBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBvZiB0
% aGUgY2xhc3NpZmllcnMgYWNyb3NzIHNldmVyYWwgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMuIFdlIHByZXN1bWUgZGlmZmVy
% ZW50IHByZS1wcm9jZXNzaW5nIG9yIHNhbXBsaW5nIHN0cmF0ZWdpZXMgdG8gYmUgdGhlIGNhdXNlIGJ1
% dCBmb3VuZCB0aGUgaXNzdWUgb2Ygbm8gY29uc2VxdWVuY2UgZm9yIHRoZSBwdXJwb3NlcyBvZiB0aGlz
% IHJlcG9ydC4iKSAoY29uY2F0IChzZWN0aW9uICJSZXN1bHRzIikgKGxhYmVsICJzZWM6cmVzdWx0cyIp
% KSAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSByZXBlYXQgYWxsIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzIDIwIHRpbWVzLCBrZWVwaW5nIHRoZSBk
% YXRhIHNwbGl0cyBjb25zdGFudCBhbmQgcmV1c2luZyB1dGlsaXR5IGNvbXB1dGF0aW9ucyB3aGVuZXZl
% ciBwb3NzaWJsZS4gQWxsIHBsb3RzIHVzZSA5NSUgY2VudGVyZWQgcGVyY2VudGlsZSBib290c3RyYXAg
% Y29uZmlkZW5jZSBpbnRlcnZhbHMgd2l0aCAxMDAwMCBzYW1wbGVzLCB1bmxlc3Mgb3RoZXJ3aXNlIHN0
% YXRlZC4gVGhpcyBhcHByb2FjaCBpcyBiZXR0ZXIgc3VpdGVkIHRoYW4gTm9ybWFsIENJcyBmb3IgcmFu
% ZG9tIHZhcmlhYmxlcyB0aGF0IGFyZSBub3Qgbm9ybWFsbHkgZGlzdHJpYnV0ZWQgKGxpa2UgYWNjdXJh
% Y3kgbnVtYmVycykgYW5kIGZvciB3aGljaCBvbmx5IGEgZmV3IGRhdGEgYXJlIGF2YWlsYWJsZS4gVGhl
% IGNvbnNlcXVlbmNlIGlzIHRoYXQgb3VyIGNvbmZpZGVuY2UgaW50ZXJ2YWxzIHRlbmQgdG8gYmUgbGFy
% Z2VyIHRoYW4gdGhvc2Ugc2VlbiBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiKSAiIGFu
% ZCBvdGhlciBsaXRlcmF0dXJlLiIpICJCb3ggcGxvdHMgZGlzcGxheSAxc3QgYW5kIDNyZCBib290c3Ry
% YXAgcXVhcnRpbGVzLCBhbHNvIHVzaW5nIDEwMDAwIHNhbXBsZXMuIiAoY29uY2F0IChzdWJzZWN0aW9u
% ICJEYXRhc2V0IGNoYXJhY3RlcmlzdGljcyIpIChsYWJlbCAic2VjOmRhdGFzZXQtY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0
% aWNzIikpIChjb25jYXQgIldlIHN0YXJ0IHdpdGggIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJjbGFpbTpkZXRyaW1lbnRh
% bC1wb2ludHMiKSAiLCBuYW1lbHkgdGhlIGV4aXN0ZW5jZSBvZiBhIGNlcnRhaW4gdHlwZSBvZiBwb2lu
% dHMgaW4gZGF0YXNldHMgYW5kIHRoZSBzdWl0YWJpbGl0eSBvZiBDUyB0byBhZGRyZXNzIGl0LiBXZSBs
% b29rIGF0IGFnZ3JlZ2F0ZSBzdGF0aXN0aWNzIG92ZXIgc3Vic2V0cyBvZiAiIChtYXRoICJUIikgIjog
% d2UgY29tcHV0ZSBpbi1jbGFzcyBhY2N1cmFjeSAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgImEiIChyc3ViICJTIikg
% IiAiIChhcm91bmQgIigiIChjb25jYXQgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIp
% KSkpICIpIikgIjxhc3NpZ24+IiAoYXJvdW5kKiAiKCIgKGNvbmNhdCAodGV4dCAiIyBjb3JyZWN0IHBy
% ZWRpY3Rpb25zIG92ZXIgIikgIkQiIChyc3ViIChjb25jYXQgIjxiLXk+IiAocnN1YiAiaSIpKSkpICIp
% IikgIi8iIChhcm91bmQgInwiICJEIiAifCIpKSkgIiwgYW5kIGdsb2JhbCBhY2N1cmFjeSBjaGFuZ2Vz
% IGZvciBlYWNoIHRyYWluaW5nIHBvaW50LCBhdmVyYWdlZCBvdmVyIHN1YnNldHMgIiAobWF0aCAiUzxz
% dWJzZXRlcT5UIikgIi4gQnkgdXNpbmcgY29uc3RhbnQgY29lZmZpY2llbnRzIGluIHRoZSBhdmVyYWdl
% cywgdGhleSBjb2luY2lkZSB3aXRoIEJhbnpoYWYgdmFsdWVzICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAidiIgKHJz
% dWIgImluIikpKSAiLCAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgInYiIChyc3ViICJnbG9iIikpKSAiIGZvciB0aGUg
% cmVzcGVjdGl2ZSB3aXRoaW4tY2xhc3MsIGFuZCBnbG9iYWwgYWNjdXJhY3kgdXRpbGl0aWVzLiBXZSBs
% b29rIGF0IHRoZSBmcmFjdGlvbiBvZiBwb2ludHMgaW4gZWFjaCBkYXRhc2V0IHRoYXQgaGF2ZSBlaXRo
% ZXIgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJ2IiAocnN1YiAiaW4iKSAiPGd0cj48dmFyZXBzaWxvbj4iKSkgIiBh
% bmQgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJ2IiAocnN1YiAiZ2xvYiIpICI8Z3RyPjx2YXJlcHNpbG9uPiIpKSAi
% LCBvciAiIChtYXRoIChjb25jYXQgInYiIChyc3ViICJpbiIpICI8bGVzcz4tPHZhcmVwc2lsb24+Iikp
% ICIgYW5kICIgKG1hdGggKGNvbmNhdCAidiIgKHJzdWIgImdsb2IiKSAiPGd0cj48dmFyZXBzaWxvbj4i
% KSkgIiwgZm9yIHZhcmlvdXMgdmFsdWVzIG9mICIgKG1hdGggIjx2YXJlcHNpbG9uPjxndHI+MCIpICIu
% IFN1Y2ggcG9pbnRzIGFyZSBnbG9iYWxseSB1c2VmdWwgdG8gdGhlIG1vZGVsIGJ1dCBlaXRoZXIgYmVu
% ZWZpY2lhbCAoZGVub3RlZCAiICh0dCAiPGd0cj48Z3RyPiIpICIpLCBvciBkZXRyaW1lbnRhbCAoZGVu
% b3RlZCAiICh0dCAiPGxlc3M+PGd0cj4iKSAiKSB0byB0aGVpciBvd24gY2xhc3MsIHJlc3BlY3RpdmVs
% eS4gQ1MgaXMgZGVzaWduZWQgdG8gZ2l2ZSBtb3JlIHdlaWdodCB0byB0aGUgZm9ybWVyIHRoYW4gdG8g
% dGhlIGxhdHRlciBhbmQgaXMgZXhwZWN0ZWQgdG8gZXhjZWwgZm9yIGRhdGFzZXRzIGluIHdoaWNoIHRo
% ZSBsYXR0ZXIgYWJvdW5kLiIpIChjb25jYXQgIkluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOmRhdGFzZXQtY2hh
% cmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzIikgIiB3ZSBzZWUgdGhhdCAiIChuYW1lICJDUFUiKSAiLCAiIChuYW1lICJEaWFi
% ZXRlcyIpICIsICIgKG5hbWUgIkZNTklTVC1iaW5hcnkiKSAiIGFuZCAiIChuYW1lICJNTklTVC1iaW5h
% cnkiKSAiIGNvbnRhaW4gbm9uLW5lZ2xpZ2libGUgYW1vdW50cyBvZiBwb2ludHMgb2YgdHlwZSAiICh0
% dCAiPGxlc3M+PGd0cj4iKSAiLCBzb21ldGltZXMgYXMgbXVjaCBhcyByb3VnaGx5IDQwJSBhcyBtYW55
% IGFzIG9mIHR5cGUgIiAodHQgIjxndHI+PGd0cj4iKSAiLiBIb3dldmVyLCBkZXNwaXRlIHN1Z2dlc3Rp
% dmUgdHJlbmRzLCB0aGVyZSBpcyBubyBjbGVhciBjb3JyZWxhdGlvbiBiZXR3ZWVuIHRoZSBmcmVxdWVu
% Y3kgKGFuZCBtYWduaXR1ZGUpIG9mIHRoZSBwaGVub21lbm9uLCBhbmQgdGhlIGdhaW4gaW4gcGVyZm9y
% bWFuY2Ugb2YgQ1Mgd3J0LiBvdGhlciBtZXRob2RzLCBhcyBjYW4gYmUgc2VlbiBlLmcuIGluICIgKHNt
% YXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOmFjYy1sci1sciIgImZpZzp2YXJ3YWQtbHItbHIiKSAiOiBmb3IgIiAobmFtZSAi
% Q1BVIikgIiBhbmQgIiAobmFtZSAiRGlhYmV0ZXMiKSAiLCBDUyBzZWVtcyB0byBsZXZlcmFnZSB0aGUg
% cHJlc2VuY2Ugb2YgIiAodHQgIjxsZXNzPjxndHI+IikgIiBwb2ludHMsIGJ1dCB0aGlzIGlzIG5vIGxv
% bmdlciB0aGUgY2FzZSBmb3IgIiAobmFtZSAiRk1OSVNULWJpbmFyeSIpICIsIGFuZCBhbHNvIG5vdCBl
% eGNsdXNpdmUgb2YgdGhlc2UgZGF0YXNldHMuIFRoaXMgcmF0aGVyIGluY29uY2x1c2l2ZSByZXN1bHQg
% bGVhdmVzIG9wZW4gdGhlIHF1ZXN0aW9uIG9mIGhvdyBtdWNoIG9mIGFuIGVmZmVjdCB0aGUgdXRpbGl0
% eSAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImVxOmN3cy1zY29yZXIiKSAiIGhhcywgd2l0aGluIHRoZSBtYW55IHNvdXJj
% ZXMgb2YgdW5jZXJ0YWludHkgaW52b2x2ZWQuIikgKGJpZy1maWd1cmUgKGRvY3VtZW50IChpbWFnZSAi
% Li4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi90aHJlc2hvbGRf
% Y2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzL3RocmVzaG9sZF9jaGFyYWN0ZXJpc3RpY3MucGRmIiAiMXBhciIgIiIgIiIg
% IiIpKSAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiZmlnOmRhdGFzZXQtY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzIikgIlByZXZhbGVu
% Y2Ugb2YgZGF0YSB3aGljaCBwb3NpdGl2ZWx5IG9yIG5lZ2F0aXZlbHkgYWZmZWN0cyBpbi1jbGFzcyBh
% Y2N1cmFjeSB3aGlsZSBpbmNyZWFzaW5nIGdsb2JhbCBhY2N1cmFjeS4gVGhlIGFic2Npc3NhIGlzIGNo
% YW5nZSBpbiBhdmVyYWdlIG1hcmdpbmFsIGFjY3VyYWN5LiBBIHBvaW50IG9uIHRoZSAiICh0dCAiPGxl
% c3M+PGd0cj4iKSAiIGN1cnZlIGF0ICIgKG1hdGggIih4LHkpIikgIiBtZWFucyB0aGF0IGEgZnJhY3Rp
% b24gIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICJ5PGluPiIgKGFyb3VuZCogIlsiICIwLDEiICJdIikpKSAiIG9mIHRo
% ZSBkYXRhIHNpbXVsdGFuZW91c2x5IGluZHVjZSBhIG1hcmdpbmFsIGluLWNsYXNzIGFjY3VyYWN5IGRl
% Y3JlYXNlIGFuZCBhIGdsb2JhbCBhY2N1cmFjeSBpbmNyZWFzZSBvZiAiIChtYXRoICJ4IikgIiwgYXZl
% cmFnZWQgb3ZlciBtdWx0aXBsZSBzdWJzZXRzICIgKG1hdGggIlM8c3Vic2V0ZXE+VCIpICIuIFdlIG5v
% dGUgdGhhdCwgc3VycHJpc2luZ2x5LCB0aGUgY2xhc3MgIiAodHQgIjxndHI+PGxlc3M+IikgIiAobm90
% IHBsb3R0ZWQpIGNvbnRhaW5zIGFueXdoZXJlIGZyb20gMTAgdG8gMzUlIG9mIHNhbXBsZXMgZm9yIG1v
% c3QgZGF0YXNldHMgYXQgIiAobWF0aCAiPHZhcmVwc2lsb24+PTAiKSAiLiBGb3IgdGhlIHBhcnRpY3Vs
% YXIgY2FzZSBvZiAiIChuYW1lICJDbGljayIpICIsIGFsbW9zdCA1MCUgb2YgdGhlIHNhbXBsZXMgYXJl
% IGluICIgKHR0ICI8bGVzcz48bGVzcz4iKSAiLCBwb3NzaWJseSBpbmRpY2F0aW5nIHRoYXQgdGhlIG1v
% ZGVsIGxhY2tzIGNhcGFjaXR5IikpIChjb25jYXQgKHN1YnNlY3Rpb24gIkhpZ2gtdmFsdWUgcG9pbnQg
% cmVtb3ZhbCIpIChsYWJlbCAic2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWUiKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgY29udGludWUgd2l0
% aCAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImNsYWltOmNzLW91dHBlcmZvcm1zIikgIi4gSW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJm
% aWc6YWNjLWxyLWxyIikgIiB3ZSBhcmUgYWJsZSB0byByZXByb2R1Y2UgdGhlIGV4cGVyaW1lbnQgaW4g
% IiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIiwgYWxiZWl0IHdpdGggd2lkZXIgY29uZmlk
% ZW5jZSBpbnRlcnZhbHMgYW5kIHNvbWUgc3B1cmlvdXMgZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMuIFRoZSBleGNlcHRpb24g
% aXMgIiAobmFtZSAiQ2xpY2siKSAiLCB3aGVyZSB3ZSBiZWxpZXZlIGNsYXNzIGltYmFsYW5jZSB0byBk
% aXN0b3J0IHJlc3VsdHM6IGRlc3BpdGUgb3VyIGJlc3QgZWZmb3J0cywgYW5kIHN0cmF0aWZpZWQgc2Ft
% cGxpbmcsIGFsbCBtZXRob2RzIGV4Y2VwdCBmb3IgREIgZmFpbCBjb21wbGV0ZWx5IGF0IHRoZSB0YXNr
% IGZvciB0aGlzIGRhdGFzZXQuIEV4cGVyaW1lbnRhdGlvbiB3aXRoIG11bHRpcGxlIHRyYWluaW5nIHNl
% dCBzcGxpdHMgKG5vdCBkZXBpY3RlZCkgc2hvd3MgdGhhdCB0aGUgZ2VuZXJhbCB0cmVuZHMgYXJlIHJl
% c3BlY3RlZCB1bmRlciBmdWxsIHJhbmRvbW5lc3MsIGluZGljYXRpbmcgdGhhdCBmb3IgdGhlIHJlbWFp
% bmluZyBkYXRhc2V0cywgZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMgdG8gIiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIy
% IikgIiBhcmUgbW9zdGx5IGFydGlmYWN0cyBvZiB0aGUgZGF0YSBzcGxpdC4gV2UgcmVmZXIgdG8gIiAo
% c21hcnQtcmVmICJhcHA6aGlnaC12YWx1ZSIpICIgZm9yIHRoZSBldmFsdWF0aW9uIHdpdGggb3RoZXIg
% bW9kZWxzLiIpIChjb25jYXQgIlF1YWxpdGF0aXZlbHksIENTIGlzIG91dHBlcmZvcm1lZCBieSB0aGUg
% bmV3bHkgYWRkZWQgbWV0aG9kLCBEQiwgb24gOCBvdXQgb2YgOSBkYXRhc2V0cywgYXMgc2VlbiBieSB0
% aGUgc2hhcnAgaW5pdGlhbCBkZWNyZWFzZSBpbiBhY2N1cmFjaWVzLiBMQyBmYWlscyB0byBwZXJmb3Jt
% IGluIHNldmVyYWwgY2FzZXMgd2l0aCB0aGUgbm90YWJsZSBleGNlcHRpb24gb2YgIiAobmFtZSAiUGhv
% bmVtZSIpICIsIHdoZXJlIGl0IGlzIHVuZXhwZWN0ZWRseSBvbiBwYXIgd2l0aCBEQi4gRm9yIGEgc3Vt
% bWFyeSBldmFsdWF0aW9uIHdpdGggV0FEIGFuZCBWYXJXQUQgc2VlICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOndh
% ZCIpICIuIikgKGJpZy1maWd1cmUgKGltYWdlICIuLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9s
% b2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2N1cnZlcy93ZWlnaHRlZF9hY2N1cmFjeV9kcm9wX2xvZ2lzdGljX3Jl
% Z3Jlc3Npb24ucGRmIiAiMXBhciIgIiIgIiIgIiIpIChjb25jYXQgKGxhYmVsICJmaWc6YWNjLWxyLWxy
% IikgIkFjY3VyYWN5IGRyb3Agb2YgYSBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIG1vZGVsLCBmb3IgdmFsdWVz
% IGNvbXB1dGVkIHVzaW5nIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24uICIgKG1hdGggIngiKSAiLWF4aXMgaXMg
% bnVtYmVyIG9mIGhpZ2hlc3QtdmFsdWUgc2FtcGxlcyByZW1vdmVkIGZyb20gdGhlIHRyYWluaW5nIHNl
% dC4iKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoc3Vic2VjdGlvbiAiVmFsdWUgdHJhbnNmZXIiKSAobGFiZWwgInNlYzp2YWx1
% ZS10cmFuc2ZlciIpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJGb3IgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJjbGFpbTpjcy10cmFuc2ZlcmFi
% aWxpdHkiKSAiLCB3ZSB0cmFuc2ZlciB2YWx1ZXMgZnJvbSBlYWNoIG9mIHRoZSA0IG1vZGVscyB0byB0
% aGUgcmVtYWluaW5nIG9uZXMsIHBsdXMgYSBuZXVyYWwgbmV0d29yaywgcmVzdWx0aW5nIGluIGEgbWF0
% cml4IG9mIDIwIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzLiBGb3IgYnJldml0eSwgd2UgcmVwb3J0IG9ubHkgb24gdGhlIHRy
% YW5zZmVyIGZyb20gbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbiwgdG8gYSBuZXVyYWwgbmV0d29yaywgYW5kIGEg
% Z3JhZGllbnQgYm9vc3RpbmcgY2xhc3NpZmllciBmb3IgZXZhbHVhdGlvbiwgd2hpY2ggdGhlIHNpdHVh
% dGlvbiBvZiBpbnRlcmVzdDogY2hlYXAgdmFsdWUgY29tcHV0YXRpb24sIGV4cGVuc2l2ZSBldmFsdWF0
% aW9uLiBGb3IgdGhlIHJlbWFpbmluZyBleHBlcmltZW50cywgd2UgcmVmZXIgdG8gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVm
% ICJhcHA6dmFsdWUtdHJhbnNmZXIiKSAiLiIpIChjb25jYXQgIldpdGggdGhlIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3Jr
% IGFzIHRhcmdldCAoIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJmaWc6dHJhbnNmZXItbHItbWxwIikgIiksIHdlIG9ic2Vy
% dmUgc2ltaWxhciBiZWhhdmlvdXIgYXMgIiAoY2l0ZSAic2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyIikgIiwg
% YWdhaW4gd2l0aCB0aGUgZXhjZXB0aW9uIG9mIHRoZSBkYXRhc2V0ICIgKG5hbWUgIkNsaWNrIikgIi4g
% SW4gb3VyIGNhc2UgdGhlIGFkZGl0aW9uIG9mIERCIGNoYW5nZXMgYWdhaW4gdGhlIGxhbmRzY2FwZSwg
% c2luY2UgaXQgZG9lcyBiZXR0ZXIgaW4gOCBvdXQgb2YgOSBkYXRhc2V0cy4gSW50ZXJlc3RpbmdseSwg
% Q1MgZXhjZWxzIGF0IHRoZSBpbWJhbGFuY2VkIG11bHRpLWNsYXNzIHByb2JsZW0uIFRoZSB0cmVuZHMg
% YXJlIHNpbWlsYXIgZm9yIGFsbCBvdGhlciB0cmFuc2ZlcnMgdG8gdGhlIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3JrLiIp
% IChiaWctZmlndXJlIChkb2N1bWVudCAoaW1hZ2UgIi4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFs
% L2xvZ2lzdGljX3JlZ3Jlc3Npb24vY3VydmVzL3dlaWdodGVkX2FjY3VyYWN5X2Ryb3BfbWxwLnBkZiIg
% IjFwYXIiICIiICIiICIiKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImZpZzp0cmFuc2Zlci1sci1tbHAiKSAiQWNj
% dXJhY3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGZ1bGx5IGNvbm5lY3RlZCBuZXVyYWwgbmV0d29yaywgZm9yIHZhbHVlcyBj
% b21wdXRlZCB1c2luZyBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uLiIpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJGb3IgdGhlIHRyYW5z
% ZmVyIHRvIGEgZ3JhZGllbnQgYm9vc3RpbmcgY2xhc3NpZmllciAoIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJmaWc6dHJh
% bnNmZXItbHItZ2IiKSAiKSwgd2UgZXhwZXJpZW5jZSBtdWNoIGhpZ2hlciB2YXJpYW5jZSB0aGFuICIg
% KGNpdGUgInNjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMiIpICIsIGxlYWRpbmcgdG8gdGhlIGNvbmNsdXNpb24g
% dGhhdCAiIChlbSAiYWxsIikgIiBtZXRob2RzIGFyZSBpbmVmZmVjdGl2ZSBmb3IgYWxsIGJ1dCAzIGRh
% dGFzZXRzLiBJbiBwYXJ0aWN1bGFyLCB3ZSBzZWUgbmVnbGlnaWJsZSBpbml0aWFsIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNl
% IGRyb3AgZm9yIDQgb3V0IG9mIDkgZGF0YXNldHMgYW5kIGFsbCBtZXRob2RzLCBpbnZhbGlkYXRpbmcg
% dGhlIGNsYWltIHRoYXQgdGhlIG1vc3QgaW5mbHVlbnRpYWwgc2FtcGxlcyBhcmUgYXNzaWduZWQgdGhl
% IGhpZ2hlc3QgdmFsdWVzLiBUaGVzZSwgYW5kIHNpbWlsYXIgbWl4ZWQgcmVzdWx0cyBmb3Igb3RoZXIg
% bW9kZWxzIGxlYWQgdXMgdG8gcXVlc3Rpb24gdGhlIHByYWN0aWNhbGl0eSBvZiB2YWx1ZSB0cmFuc2Zl
% ciBhY3Jvc3MgbW9kZWxzLiIpIChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAiLi4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50
% X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9n
% cmFkaWVudF9ib29zdGluZ19jbGFzc2lmaWVyLnBkZiIgIjFwYXIiICIiICIiICIiKSAoY29uY2F0IChs
% YWJlbCAiZmlnOnRyYW5zZmVyLWxyLWdiIikgIkFjY3VyYWN5IGRyb3Agb2YgYSBncmFkaWVudCBib29z
% dGluZyBjbGFzc2lmaWVyLCBmb3IgdmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1dGVkIHVzaW5nIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Np
% b24uIikpIChjb25jYXQgKHN1YnNlY3Rpb24gIk5vaXNlIGRldGVjdGlvbiIpIChsYWJlbCAic2VjOm5v
% aXNlLWRldGVjdGlvbiIpKSAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSBzZWUgc2xpZ2h0bHkgZGlmZmVyZW50IHJlc3VsdHMg
% ZnJvbSB0aG9zZSBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjIiKSAiOiBUTUNTIHRlbmRz
% IHRvIHBlcmZvcm0gYXMgd2VsbCBhcywgb3IgYmV0dGVyIHRoYW4gQ1MgaW4gbW9zdCBjYXNlcywgd2hp
% bGUgQmV0YSBTaGFwbGV5IGRvZXMgbXVjaCB3b3JzZS4gVGhpcyBpcyBiZXN0IHNlZW4gaW4gdGhlIEFV
% QyBib3ggcGxvdCBvZiAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImZpZzphdWMtbHIiKSAiLCB3aGVyZSBtZWRpYW4gQVVD
% IGZvciBUTUNTIGlzIHR5cGljYWxseSBiZXR0ZXIgdGhhbiBmb3IgQ1MuIEludGVyZXN0aW5nbHksIHRo
% ZSB0d28gY2FzZXMgd2hlcmUgQ1MgY2xlYXJseSB3aW5zIGFyZSB0aGUgaW1iYWxhbmNlZCBkYXRhc2V0
% cyAiIChuYW1lICJDbGljayIpICIgYW5kICIgKG5hbWUgIkNvdmVydHlwZSIpICIuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% RmluYWxseSwgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZSB0aGF0IERCIHBlcmZvcm1zIHF1aXRlIHBvb3JseSwgaW5kaWNhdGlu
% ZyBpbnNlbnNpdGl2aXR5IHRvIGxhYmVsIGNvcnJ1cHRpb24uIEl0IGlzIHVuY2xlYXIgd2h5IHRoaXMg
% aGFwcGVucywgYnV0IG91ciBiZXN0IGd1ZXNzIGZvciB0aGlzIHBoZW5vbWVub24gaXMgdGhhdCBnaXZl
% biBhIHNtYWxsIGZyYWN0aW9uICIgKG1hdGggIjxhbHBoYT4iKSAiIG9mIGNvcnJ1cHRlZCBsYWJlbHMs
% IHRoZXkgd2lsbCBiZSBwb29ybHkgcmVwcmVzZW50ZWQgYW1vbmcgdGhlIHNtYWxsZXIgc2FtcGxlIHNp
% emVzICIgKG1hdGggKGFyb3VuZCogInwiICJTIiAifCIpKSAiLCBhbmQgaGF2ZSBuZWdsaWdpYmxlIGVm
% ZmVjdCBvbiB0aGUgdXRpbGl0eSBmb3IgdGhlIGxhcmdlciBzdWJzZXRzLCB3aGVyZSB0aGV5IGFwcGVh
% ciBtb3JlIG9mdGVuLCB3aGlsZSBhbHdheXMgYmVpbmcgd2VpZ2h0ZWQgd2l0aCB0aGUgc2FtZSBjb2Vm
% ZmljaWVudHMuIikgKGJpZy1maWd1cmUgKGltYWdlICIuLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvbm9pc2VfcmVtb3Zh
% bC9sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2N1cnZlcy9wcmVjaXNpb25fcmVjYWxsLnBkZiIgIjFwYXIiICIi
% ICIiICIiKSAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiZmlnOnByZWNpc2lvbi1yZWNhbGwtbHIiKSAiUHJlY2lzaW9u
% LVJlY2FsbCBjdXJ2ZSBmb3Igbm9pc3kgbGFiZWwgZGV0ZWN0aW9uIHVzaW5nIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jl
% c3Npb24gYW5kIDIwJSBvZiB0aGUgbGFiZWxzIGNvcnJ1cHRlZC4gIiAoZGZuICJQcmVjaXNpb24iKSAi
% IGlzIHRoZSBmcmFjdGlvbiBvZiBub2lzeSBzYW1wbGVzIGFtb25nIHRoZSB0b3AgIiAobWF0aCAiayIp
% ICIgdmFsdWVzLiAiIChkZm4gIlJlY2FsbCIpICIgaXMgdGhlIGZyYWN0aW9uIG9mIGFsbCBub2lzeSBz
% YW1wbGVzIGlkZW50aWZpZWQuIikpIChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAiLi4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL25v
% aXNlX3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9ib3hwbG90cy9yb2NfYXVjLnByZWNpc2lvbl9y
% ZWNhbGwuYm94LnBkZiIgIjFwYXIiICIiICIiICIiKSAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiZmlnOmF1Yy1sciIp
% ICJBVUMgZm9yICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOnByZWNpc2lvbi1yZWNhbGwtbHIiKSAiLCBub2lzZSBk
% ZXRlY3Rpb24gd2l0aCB2YWx1ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbi4iKSkg
% KGNvbmNhdCAoc3Vic2VjdGlvbiAiV0FEIGFuZCBWYXJXQUQiKSAobGFiZWwgInNlYzp3YWQiKSkgKGNv
% bmNhdCAiRm9sbG93aW5nIHRoZSBkaXNjdXNzaW9uIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOmV2YWx1YXRp
% b24tZGF0YS12YWwiKSAiLCB3ZSBjb21wdXRlIFdBRCAod2l0aCBhZGRpdGlvbmFsIGVycm9yIGJhcnMp
% IGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOndhZC1sci1sciIpICIgZm9yIHRoZSBzYW1lIGhpZ2gtdmFsdWUg
% cmVtb3ZhbCB0YXNrIG9mICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWUiKSAiLiBXZSB0aGVuIGNv
% bXBhcmUgdGhpcyB0byBWYXJXQUQgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJlcTp2YXJ3YWQiKSAiLCB3aGljaCB3ZSBw
% cm9wb3NlIGFzIGEgbW9yZSBpbmZvcm1hdGl2ZSBtZWFzdXJlIG9mIGFnZ3JlZ2F0ZSBwZXJmb3JtYW5j
% ZSwgdGhhdCBiZXR0ZXIgcmVmbGVjdHMgdGhlIHZhcmlhYmlsaXR5IGluIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGRyb3Ai
% KSAoY29uY2F0ICJUbyBzZWUgdGhpcywgY29uc2lkZXIgZGF0YXNldCAiIChuYW1lICJDbGljayIpICIg
% aW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJmaWc6YWNjLWxyLWxyIiAiZmlnOndhZC1sci1sciIgImZpZzp2YXJ3YWQt
% bHItbHIiKSAiOiBEQiBleGhpYml0cyBtdWNoIGJldHRlciBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSB0aGFuIG90aGVyIG1l
% dGhvZHMsIGFsYmVpdCB3aXRoIGhpZ2ggdmFyaWFiaWxpdHksIGFuZCB5ZXQgV0FEIHJlcG9ydHMgc2lt
% aWxhciB2YWx1ZXMuIFZhcldBRCBtb3JlIGFjY3VyYXRlbHkgZGVwaWN0cyB0aGUgc2l0dWF0aW9uIHNl
% dHRpbmcgREIgYXBhcnQsIHdoaWxlIGNvcnJlY3RseSByZXBvcnRpbmcgb24gaXRzIGhpZ2ggdmFyaWFu
% Y2UuIFdlIGhhdmUgYSBzaW1pbGFyIHNpdHVhdGlvbiBpbiAiIChuYW1lICJNTklTVC1tdWx0aSIpICIs
% IHdoZXJlIFdBRCBpbmNvcnJlY3RseSByYW5rcyBUTUNTIGFib3ZlIERCLCBidXQgVmFyV0FEIHlpZWxk
% cyB0aGUgaW50dWl0aXZlbHkgY29ycmVjdCBvcmRlcmluZy4gT3IgaW4gIiAobmFtZSAiQ1BVIikgIiwg
% d2hlcmUgTEMgaXMgcmVsb2NhdGVkIGFoZWFkIG9mIEJldGEgU2hhcGxleSwgc3dhcHBpbmcgdGhlIG9y
% ZGVyIHJlcG9ydGVkIGJ5IFdBRC4iKSAiV2hpbGUgd2UgYmVsaWV2ZSBWYXJXQUQgdGVuZHMgdG8gcHJv
% dmlkZSBhIG1vcmUgdXNlZnVsIGRlc2NyaXB0aW9uIG9mIHRoZSBzaXR1YXRpb24sIHRoZXNlIGFyZSBh
% bGwgcXVhbGl0YXRpdmUgb2JzZXJ2YXRpb25zIGFuZCBzb21ld2hhdCBhcmJpdHJhcnkgY2hvaWNlcy4g
% SXQgaXMgdGh1cyBpbXBvcnRhbnQgdG8gZGVzaWduIGJldHRlciBtZXRyaWNzIHRvIGNvbXBhcmUgdGhl
% c2UgbWV0aG9kcy4iIChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAiLi4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92
% YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9ib3hwbG90cy9nZW9tZXRyaWNfd2VpZ2h0ZWRfZHJvcC53ZWln
% aHRlZF9hY2N1cmFjeV9kcm9wX2xvZ2lzdGljX3JlZ3Jlc3Npb24uYm94LnBkZiIgIjFwYXIiICIiICIi
% ICIiKSAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiZmlnOndhZC1sci1sciIpICJXQUQgZm9yIGFsbCBkYXRhc2V0cy4g
% VmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1dGVkIHdpdGggYSBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIHV0aWxpdHkgYW5kIHBlcmZv
% cm1hbmNlIGRyb3Agb2YgYSBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIG1vZGVsLiBCZWNhdXNlIHdlIGhhdmUg
% Zml4ZWQgdGhlIGRhdGFzZXQgc3BsaXQgYW5kIHJldXNlIHV0aWxpdHkgdmFsdWVzLCBMT08gZXhoaWJp
% dHMgbm8gdmFyaWFuY2UuIikpIChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAiLi4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50
% X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9ib3hwbG90cy92YXJ3YWQtbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVz
% c2lvbi5ib3gucGRmIiAiMXBhciIgIiIgIiIgIiIpIChjb25jYXQgKGxhYmVsICJmaWc6dmFyd2FkLWxy
% LWxyIikgIlZhcldBRCBmb3IgbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbiB2YWx1ZXMgYW5kIHBvaW50IHJlbW92
% YWwgdXNpbmcgbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbiBmb3IgZXZhbHVhdGlvbiBhcyBkZXBpY3RlZCBpbiAi
% IChzbWFydC1yZWYgImZpZzphY2MtbHItbHIiKSAiLiBQb3NpdGl2ZSBudW1iZXJzIGluZGljYXRlIHJl
% bGF0aXZlIGltcHJvdmVtZW50IHdydC4gdG8gcmFuZG9tIHZhbHVlcy4gQmVjYXVzZSB3ZSBoYXZlIGZp
% eGVkIHRoZSBkYXRhc2V0IHNwbGl0IGFuZCByZXVzZSB1dGlsaXR5IHZhbHVlcywgTE9PIGV4aGliaXRz
% IG5vIHZhcmlhbmNlLiIpKSAoY29uY2F0IChzdWJzZWN0aW9uICJSYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSIpIChsYWJl
% bCAic2VjOnJhbmstc3RhYmlsaXR5IikpIChjb25jYXQgIkEgY3J1Y2lhbCBxdWVzdGlvbiBpbiBwcmFj
% dGljZSBpcyBob3cgc3RhYmxlIGlzIHRoZSByYW5raW5nIG9mIHRyYWluaW5nIHBvaW50cyBieSB2YWx1
% ZXMgYWNyb3NzIHJ1bnMuIFdlIGxvb2sgYXQgdGhpcyBpbiAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImZpZzpyYW5rLXN0
% YWJpbGl0eSIpICIgYnkgcGxvdHRpbmcgdGhlIHBlcmNlbnRhZ2Ugb2YgaW5kaWNlcyBhbW9uZyB0aGUg
% dG9wICIgKG1hdGggImsiKSAiJSB3aGljaCBjb25zaXN0ZW50bHkgbWFrZSBpdCB0byB0aGVzZSB0b3Ag
% cG9zaXRpb25zLCBhY3Jvc3MgYWxsIHJ1bnMuIEEgdmFsdWUgb2YgMTAwJSBmb3IgYW55IGdpdmVuICIg
% KG1hdGggImsiKSAiIG1lYW5zIHRoZW4gdGhhdCB0aGUgdG9wICIgKG1hdGggImsiKSAiJSBpbmRpY2Vz
% IGJ5IHZhbHVlIHJlbWFpbiBjb25zdGFudCBpbiBldmVyeSBleGVjdXRpb24gb2YgdGhlIG1ldGhvZC4i
% KSAoY29uY2F0ICJUaGUgZmlyc3Qgb2JzZXJ2YXRpb24gaXMgdGhhdCBib3RoIEJldGEgU2hhcGxleSBh
% bmQgVE1DUyBlbnRpcmVseSBmYWlsIHRvIGtlZXAgYW55IGZyYWN0aW9uIG9mIHBvaW50cyBhbW9uZyB0
% aGUgaGlnaGVzdCB2YWx1ZWQgYWNyb3NzIHJ1bnMuIFRoaXMgaW5zdGFiaWxpdHkgYWNjb3VudHMgZm9y
% IHRoZWlyIGluYWJpbGl0eSB0byBpbmR1Y2Ugc3RhcmsgY2hhbmdlcyBpbiBhY2N1cmFjeSB3aGVuIHJl
% bW92aW5nIHRoZSBmaXJzdCBwb2ludHMsIGFzIHNlZW4gaW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJzZWM6aGlnaC12
% YWx1ZSIpICIuIE5leHQgd2UgcmVtYXJrIGFuIGludHJpZ3VpbmcgcGhlbm9tZW5vbiwgbmFtZWx5IENT
% IGJlaW5nIG1vcmUgc3RhYmxlIHRoYW4gREIgZGVzcGl0ZSB0aGUgbGF0dGVyIGJlaW5nIHNwZWNpZmlj
% YWxseSBkZXNpZ25lZCB3aXRoIHRoaXMgaW4gbWluZCBhbmQgYWxzbyBvdXRwZXJmb3JtaW5nIHRoZSBm
% b3JtZXIgaW4gaGlnaC12YWx1ZSByZW1vdmFsLiBXZSBjYW4gcHJvcG9zZSB0aGUgZm9sbG93aW5nIGV4
% cGxhbmF0aW9uIGZvciB0aGUgc2Vjb25kIGZhY3Q6IERCIGlzIG5vaXNpZXIgYnV0IHNlbGVjdHMgYmV0
% dGVyIHBvaW50cy4gVGhpcyBpcyBjb3Jyb2JvcmF0ZWQgYnkgdGhlIGZhc3RlciBkcm9wIGFuZCB3aWRl
% ciBjb25maWRlbmNlIGludGVydmFscyBzZWVuIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZmlnOmFjYy1sci1sciIp
% ICIuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAiR2VuZXJhbGx5IHNwZWFraW5nLCB3ZSBvYnNlcnZlIGhvd2V2ZXIgcG9vciBz
% dGFiaWxpdHkgYWNyb3NzIGFsbCBkYXRhc2V0cyBhbmQgbWV0aG9kcy4gR2l2ZW4gdGhhdCB0aGUgbW9k
% ZWwgdXNlZCBpcyBkZXRlcm1pbmlzdGljLCB0aGlzIG1lYW5zIHRoYXQgdGhlIGdpdmVuIGNvbXB1dGF0
% aW9uYWwgYnVkZ2V0IGlzIGluc3VmZmljaWVudCBmb3IgYWNjdXJhdGUgdmFsdWUgZXN0aW1hdGlvbi4g
% VGhpcyBiZWluZyBhIHJlcHJvZHVjdGlvbiwgd2UgcmVtYWluZWQgZmFpdGhmdWwgdG8gdGhlIHNldHVw
% IGluICIgKGNpdGUgInNjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMiIpICIsIGJ1dCBiZWxpZXZlIHRoYXQgYSBi
% ZXR0ZXIgcHJhY3RpY2FsIHVuZGVyc3RhbmRpbmcgb2Ygc2FtcGxlIGNvbXBsZXhpdHkgaXMgcmVxdWly
% ZWQgZm9yIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucy4gRm9yIGRldGVybWluaXN0aWMgbWV0aG9kcywgIiAoY2l0ZSAibWFs
% ZWtpX2JvdW5kaW5nXzIwMTQiKSAiIHdlcmUgdGhlIGZpcnN0IHRvIHByb3ZpZGUgSG9lZmZkaW5nLXR5
% cGUgYm91bmRzLCB3aGljaCBpbXBseSB1cCB0byB0d28gb3JkZXJzIG9mIG1hZ25pdHVkZSBtb3JlIE1v
% bnRlIENhcmxvIHNhbXBsZXMgZm9yIGFuIGFwcHJveGltYXRpb24gd2l0aCAiIChtYXRoICI8dmFyZXBz
% aWxvbj49MC4wMSIpICIgYWNjdXJhY3kgd2l0aCBwcm9iYWJpbGl0eSAwLjk1LiBUaGUgbW9zdCBpbmZs
% dWVudGlhbCBjb25zdGFudCBpbiB0aGUgYm91bmQgaXMgYSBmYWN0b3IgIiAobWF0aCAoY29uY2F0ICI8
% dmFyZXBzaWxvbj4iIChyc3VwICItMiIpKSkgIiwgYW5kIHRoZSBjaG9pY2Ugb2YgdGhpcyB0b2xlcmFu
% Y2Ugd2lsbCBkZXBlbmQgb24gdGhlIG51bWJlciBvZiB0cmFpbmluZyBwb2ludHMuIEZvciBTaGFwbGV5
% IHZhbHVlcywgbGFyZ2VyIGRhdGFzZXRzIGltcGx5IHNob3J0ZXIgaW50ZXJ2YWxzIGJldHdlZW4gdmFs
% dWVzIGJlY2F1c2Ugb2YgdGhlICIgKGVtICJlZmZpY2llbmN5IGF4aW9tIikgIi4iIChmb290bm90ZSAo
% ZG9jdW1lbnQgKGNvbmNhdCAiVGhpcyBheGlvbSBzdGF0ZXMgdGhhdCB0aGUgc3VtIG9mIGFsbCB0aGUg
% dmFsdWVzIG11c3QgZXF1YWwgdGhlIHRvdGFsIHV0aWxpdHksIGFuZCBpcyBmdWxmaWxsZWQgYnkgU2hh
% cGxleSB2YWx1ZXMuIEZvciBNTCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaXQgaGFzIGJlZW4gYXJndWVkIHRoYXQgaXQg
% aXMgbm90IGVzc2VudGlhbCB0byAQZGlzdHJpYnV0ZREgYSBmaXhlZCBhbW91bnQgb2YgdXRpbGl0eSBh
% bW9uZyBhbGwgdHJhaW5pbmcgcG9pbnRzICIgKGNpdGUgImt3b25fYmV0YV8yMDIyIikgIiwgYW5kIHNl
% bWktdmFsdWVzIGxpa2UgQlMgb3IgREIgZGlzcGVuc2Ugd2l0aCBpdC4iKSkpICIgQnV0IG1vcmUgaW1w
% b3J0YW50bHkgaXQgd2lsbCBhbHNvIGRlcGVuZCBvbiB0aGUgcmFuaywgYmVjYXVzZSBtb3N0IHZhbHVl
% cyBhcmUgY29uY2VudHJhdGVkIGFyb3VuZCB6ZXJvIGFuZCB3aXRoIHZlcnkgbGl0dGxlIGRpc3RhbmNl
% IGJldHdlZW4gZWFjaCBvdGhlciwgYXMgc2VlbiBpbiAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImZpZzp2YWx1ZS1kZWNh
% eSIpICIuIEZ1cnRoZXIgYm91bmRzIGluIHRoZSBsaXRlcmF0dXJlIHByb3ZlIGV2ZW4gaGFyZGVyIHRv
% IGFwcGx5IGluIHByYWN0aWNlLCBlLmcuIHRob3NlIGluICIgKGNpdGUgIndhdHNvbl9hY2NlbGVyYXRl
% ZF8yMDIzIikgIi4gQWxsIHRoaXMgbWVhbnMgdGhhdCBpdCBpcyBpbiBmYWN0IHZlcnkgZGlmZmljdWx0
% IHRvIGNob29zZSB0aGUgY29uc3RhbnRzIGEgcHJpb3JpLiBBbmQgdGhlIHNpdHVhdGlvbiBpbiB0aGUg
% Y2FzZSBvZiBzdG9jaGFzdGljIHV0aWxpdGllcyBpcyBjbGVhcmx5IGV2ZW4gd29yc2UsIGFzIGV4cGxh
% aW5lZCBpbiAiIChjaXRlICJ3YW5nX2RhdGFfMjAyMiIpICIuIikgKGJpZy1maWd1cmUgKGltYWdlICIu
% Li9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2N1cnZlcy9yYW5r
% X3N0YWJpbGl0eS5wZGYiICIxcGFyIiAiIiAiIiAiIikgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImZpZzpyYW5rLXN0
% YWJpbGl0eSIpICJSYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSBvZiBhbGwgbWV0aG9kcy4gUGVyY2VudGFnZSBvZiBpbmRp
% Y2VzICgiIChtYXRoICJ5IikgIi1heGlzKSB0aGF0IHJlbWFpbiBhbW9uZyB0aGUgdG9wICIgKG1hdGgg
% ImsiKSAiJSAoIiAobWF0aCAieCIpICItYXhpcykgYWNyb3NzIGFsbCAyMCBydW5zLiBWYWx1ZXMgY29t
% cHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgYSBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIG1vZGVsLiBMT08gaXMgZXhjbHVkZWQgYmVj
% YXVzZSBpdHMgcmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHkgY3VydmVzIGFyZSBlc3NlbnRpYWxseSBmbGF0IGF0IDEsIGR1
% ZSB0byB0aGUgdHJhaW5pbmcgc2V0IHNwbGl0ICh3aGljaCB3ZSBrZWVwIGNvbnN0YW50KSBiZWluZyB0
% aGUgYWxtb3N0IHVuaXF1ZSBzb3VyY2Ugb2YgcmFuZG9tbmVzcyBmb3IgTE9PLiBTaW1pbGFybHkgd2Ug
% bGVhdmUgb3V0IHJhbmRvbSB2YWx1ZXMgd2hpY2ggY2xlYXJseSBoYXZlIG5vIHN0YWJpbGl0eS4iKSkg
% KGNvbmNhdCAoc3Vic2VjdGlvbiAiVmFsdWUgZGVjYXkiKSAobGFiZWwgInNlYzp2YWx1ZS1kZWNheSIp
% KSAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSBjb25jbHVkZSB3aXRoIGFuIGV4cGxvcmF0aW9uIG9mIHRoZSB2YWx1ZSBkaXN0
% cmlidXRpb25zIG92ZXIgZGlmZmVyZW50IGRhdGFzZXRzLiBWYWx1ZXMgdGVuZCB0byBjb25jZW50cmF0
% ZSBhcm91bmQgdGhlIGV4dHJlbWEsIGZvbGxvd2luZyBhIHNoYXBlIGxpa2UgdGhlIHRhbmdlbnQgZnVu
% Y3Rpb24uIEJlY2F1c2Ugb2Ygbm9pc2UsIG1pZC1yYW5nZSB2YWx1ZXMgYXJlIHRoZW4gdHlwaWNhbGx5
% IG5vdCBpbmZvcm1hdGl2ZS4iIChmb290bm90ZSAoZG9jdW1lbnQgIldlIG5vdGUgaW4gcGFzc2luZyB0
% aGF0IHRoZSBjaGFuZ2VzIGluIGN1cnZhdHVyZSBvZiB0aGUgdmFsdWUgZGVjYXkgZnVuY3Rpb24gbWln
% aHQgYmUgZ29vZCBzcG90cyB0byBwaWNrIGZvciBhdXRvbWF0aWMgdGhyZXNob2xkIHNlbGVjdGlvbiBp
% biBoaWdoLS9sb3ctdmFsdWUgc2FtcGxlIGlkZW50aWZpY2F0aW9uLiIpKSAiIENvbnRyYXJ5IHRvIG91
% ciBleHBlY3RhdGlvbiwgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZSBubyBjbGVhciBjb3JyZWxhdGlvbiBiZXR3ZWVuIHRoZSBj
% b25jZW50cmF0aW9uIG9mIHZhbHVlcyBhbmQgdGhlaXIgcmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHkgb3IgdGhlIG1ldGhv
% ZCdzIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlLiIpIChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAiLi4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50
% X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9jdXJ2ZXMvdmFsdWVfZGVjYXktaGFsZi5wZGYiICIx
% cGFyIiAiIiAiIiAiIikgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImZpZzp2YWx1ZS1kZWNheSIpICJWYWx1ZSBkZWNh
% eSAoIiAobWF0aCAieSIpICItYXhpcykgZm9yIGFsbCBtZXRob2RzLiAiIChtYXRoICJ4IikgIi1heGlz
% IGlzIHZhbHVlIHJhbmsuIFZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCBvbiBhIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24gbW9k
% ZWwsIHNvcnRlZCBkZWNyZWFzaW5nbHkgYW5kIG5vcm1hbGl6ZWQgZm9yIGNvbXBhcmlzb24uICA5OSUg
% IiAobWF0aCAidCIpICItc3R1ZGVudCBjb25maWRlbmNlIGludGVydmFsIG92ZXIgMjAgcnVucy4iKSkg
% KHNlY3Rpb24gIkRpc2N1c3Npb24iKSAoY29uY2F0ICJBcyBpcyBvZnRlbiB0aGUgY2FzZSB3aXRoIGRh
% dGEgdmFsdWF0aW9uIG1ldGhvZHMsIHRoZSBtdWx0aXBsZSBzb3VyY2VzIG9mIHJhbmRvbW5lc3MgbWFr
% ZSBpdCBkaWZmaWN1bHQgdG8gZHJhdyBjbGVhci1jdXQgY29uY2x1c2lvbnMuIFdlIGhhdmUgYXR0ZW1w
% dGVkIHRvIGlzb2xhdGUgdGhlIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gb2YgY29udmVyZ2VuY2UgcHJvcGVydGllcyBvZiB0
% aGUgbWV0aG9kcywgYXMgZGVzY3JpYmVkIGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOnNvdXJjZXMtb2YtcmFu
% ZG9tbmVzcyIpICIsIGJ1dCB0aGUgZmFjdCByZW1haW5zIHRoYXQgc3RvY2hhc3RpY2l0eSBpbiAiICht
% YXRoIChjb25jYXQgInUiIChhcm91bmQqICIoIiAiUyIgIikiKSkpICIgZHVlIHRvIHRyYWluaW5nIG9y
% IGV2YWx1YXRpb24gaXMgdGhlIG1ham9yIGh1cmRsZSAoYmVzaWRlcyB0aW1lIGNvbXBsZXhpdHkpIHRo
% YXQgU2hhcGxleS1iYXNlZCB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kcyBmYWNlLiBBbiBpbnRlcmVzdGluZyBwYXRo
% IHRvIGV4cGxvcmUgcG9pbnRlZCB0byB1cyBieSBhIHJldmlld2VyIHdvdWxkIGJlIHRvIHVzZSBkaWZm
% ZXJlbnQgd2VpZ2h0aW5nIHNjaGVtZSBpbiAiIChzbWFydC1yZWYgImVxOmNvbmRpdGlvbmFsLWN3cyIp
% ICIgYW5kICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAiZXE6Y3dzLXZhbHVlIikgIiwgcGVyaGFwcyBsZWFkaW5nIHRvIGEg
% Y2xhc3Mtc3BlY2lmaWMgRGF0YSBCYW56aGFmIG1ldGhvZCBpbmNvcnBvcmF0aW5nIHRoZSBiZXN0IGZy
% b20gYm90aC4iKSAiSXQgaXMgYWxhcyBub3QgcG9zc2libGUgdG8gcHJvdmlkZSBjbGVhciBhZHZpY2Ug
% dG8gYSBwcmFjdGl0aW9uZXIsIG90aGVyIHRoYW4gcGVyaGFwcyB0byBwcmVmZXIgREIgZm9yIGhpZ2gt
% dmFsdWUgcG9pbnQgaWRlbnRpZmljYXRpb24sIGV4Y2VwdCBmb3IgaGlnaGx5LWltYmFsYW5jZWQgbXVs
% dGktY2xhc3MgcHJvYmxlbXMuIiAoY29uY2F0ICJXZSBjYW5ub3QgdW5lcXVpdm9jYWxseSBzdWJzdGFu
% dGlhdGUgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJjbGFpbTpkZXRyaW1lbnRhbC1wb2ludHMiKSAiIHdpdGggb3VyIGV4
% cGVyaW1lbnRzIGFuZCBtdXN0IGNvbmNsdWRlIHRoYXQsIHdoaWxlIGRlZmluaXRlbHkgcHJlc2VudCwg
% dGhlIHN1Y2Nlc3NlcyBvZiBDUyBtaWdodCBiZSBwYXJ0bHkgZHVlIHRvIGl0cyB1bmlxdWUgdXRpbGl0
% eSBmdW5jdGlvbiwgcGFydGx5IHRvIHNhbXBsaW5nIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgYW5kIG90aGVyIGZhY3RvcnMu
% IEFkZGl0aW9uYWxseSwgd2UgZmluZCB0aGF0IERCIG91dHBlcmZvcm1zIENTIGZvciBoaWdoLXZhbHVl
% IHBvaW50IHJlbW92YWwsIHdoZXJlYXMgdGhlIHNpdHVhdGlvbiBpcyByZXZlcnNlZCBpbiBub2lzZSBk
% ZXRlY3Rpb24sIHBhcnRpYWxseSBpbnZhbGlkYXRpbmcgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJjbGFpbTpjcy1vdXRw
% ZXJmb3JtcyIpICIgd2l0aGluIHRoZSBjb250ZXh0IG9mIHRoZSBuZXcgbWV0aG9kcyBhZGRlZC4gQXR0
% ZW1wdHMgYXQgdHJhbnNmZXJyaW5nIHZhbHVlcyBmcm9tIDQgbW9kZWxzIHRvIDUgeWllbGQgbWl4ZWQg
% cmVzdWx0cywgd2l0aCBEQiBhcyBhIHdpbm5lciBpbiBtYW55IHNjZW5hcmlvcywgYnV0ICIgKHNtYXJ0
% LXJlZiAiY2xhaW06Y3MtdHJhbnNmZXJhYmlsaXR5IikgIiBjYW4gb25seSBiZSBhY2NlcHRlZCB3aXRo
% IGEgZ3JhaW4gb2Ygc2FsdCwgZ2l2ZW4gdGhlIHByYWN0aWNhbCBkaWZmaWN1bHRpZXMgaW52b2x2ZWQu
% IEluIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIsIHRyYW5zZmVycmVkIHZhbHVlcyBtaWdodCBvbmx5IHVzZWZ1bCBpbiBhcHBs
% aWNhdGlvbnMgd2hlcmUgbWFudWFsIGluc3BlY3Rpb24gb2YgdGhlIHNlbGVjdGVkIGRhdGEgaXMgcGVy
% Zm9ybWVkICh3aGljaCBpcyB3aGF0IHdlIHJlY29tbWVuZCBpbiBhbnkgY2FzZSkuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAi
% TmV4dCwgd2hpbGUgREIgaXMgZGVzaWduZWQgZm9yIHJhbmsgc3RhYmlsaXR5LCBDUyBwZXJmb3JtcyBi
% ZXR0ZXIgaW4gdGhpcyByZXNwZWN0IGZvciBtYW55IGRhdGFzZXRzLCBhbHRob3VnaCBpdCBtdXN0IGlk
% ZW50aWZ5IGxlc3MgaW1wb3J0YW50IHBvaW50cyB0aGFuIERCLCBnaXZlbiB0aGUgd29yc2UgY3VydmVz
% IGluICIgKHNtYXJ0LXJlZiAic2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWUiKSAiLiBUaGlzIBBmYWlsdXJlESBtaWdodCB3
% ZWxsIGJlIGR1ZSB0byB0aGUgdmVyeSBsb3cgc2FtcGxlIHJlZ2ltZS4gREIgaXMgcHJvdmVuIHRvIGJl
% IGJlc3QgYXQgY29tcGVuc2F0aW5nIGZvciBhIHdvcnN0LWNhc2Ugbm9pc3kgdXRpbGl0eSwgc2hvd2lu
% ZyB0aGF0IG90aGVyIGNob2ljZXMgb2YgdmFsdWF0aW9uIG1ldGhvZCB3aWxsIGJlIHByZWZlcmFibGUg
% aW4gY2VydGFpbiBzaXR1YXRpb25zLiIpIChjb25jYXQgIkZpbmFsbHksIG91ciBwcm9wb3NlZCBtZXRy
% aWMgIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJlcTp2YXJ3YWQiKSAiIHRlbmRzIHRvIGNhcHR1cmUgcXVhbGl0YXRpdmUg
% YmVoYXZpb3VyIG9mIHRoZSBtZXRob2RzIGJldHRlciwgYnV0IHJlbWFpbnMgaGV1cmlzdGljIGFuZCBh
% cmJpdHJhcnkuIikgKGNvbmNhdCAiV2UgY29uY2x1ZGUgYnkgcmVtYXJraW5nIHRoYXQgdGhlIGV2YWx1
% YXRpb25zIGhhdmUgYmVlbiBkb25lIGF0IGEgY29uc3RhbnQgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBidWRnZXQgKGlu
% IHRlcm1zIG9mIHV0aWxpdHkgZXZhbHVhdGlvbnMpIHdoZW4gcG9zc2libGUsIGJ1dCB0aGF0LCBhcyBl
% eHBsYWluZWQgaW4gIiAoc21hcnQtcmVmICJzZWM6cmFuay1zdGFiaWxpdHkiKSAiLCB0aGlzIGJ1ZGdl
% dCBuZWVkcyB0byBiZSBpbmNyZWFzZWQgZm9yIG1vc3QgbWV0aG9kcyBmb3IgcmVsaWFibGUgdmFsdWUg
% ZXN0aW1hdGlvbi4gTmV2ZXJ0aGVsZXNzLCBmaW5hbCBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBpbiBkb3duc3RyZWFtIHRh
% c2tzIGlzIHdoYXQgbWF0dGVycyBpbiB0aGUgZW5kIGFuZCBsb3dlciBidWRnZXRzIG1pZ2h0IHdvcmsg
% anVzdCBmaW5lLiBBbGwgaW4gYWxsLCBtYXJnaW5hbCBjb250cmlidXRpb24tYmFzZWQgZGF0YSB2YWx1
% YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kcyBvZiB0aGUgc29ydCBjb25zaWRlcmVkIGluIHRoaXMgcmVwcm9kdWN0aW9uLCB3
% aGlsZSBzdGlsbCBmYXIgZnJvbSBiZWluZyBmaXJlLWFuZC1mb3JnZXQsIGF1dG9tYXRhYmxlIGRhdGEg
% c2VsZWN0aW9uIG1lY2hhbmlzbXMsIHJlbWFpbiBhIHRvb2wgaW4gdGhlIGJlbHQgb2YgYSBjYXV0aW91
% cyBwcmFjdGl0aW9uZXIgd2hvIGFwcHJlY2lhdGVzIHRoZSB2YWx1ZSBvZiBzcGVuZGluZyB0aW1lIGxv
% b2tpbmcgYXQgdGhlaXIgZGF0YS4iKSAoYmlibGlvZ3JhcGh5ICJiaWIiICJ0bWxyIiAidG1sci1yZS1j
% c3NoYXBsZXkuYmliIiAoZG9jdW1lbnQgKGJpYi1saXN0ICIyMiIgKGRvY3VtZW50IChjb25jYXQgKGJp
% Yml0ZW0qICIxIikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWItYmVubWVyem91Z19yZV8yMDIzIikgIkFuZXMgQmVubWVyem91
% ZyIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIgYW5kICIpICJNaWd1ZWwiIChuYnNwKSAiZGUiIChuYnNwKSAiQmVuaXRvIERl
% bGdhZG8uICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiW1JlXSBJZiB5b3UgbGlrZSBTaGFwbGV5LCB0aGVuIHlvdSdsbCBs
% b3ZlIHRoZSBjb3JlLiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJSZVNj
% aWVuY2UgQyIpICIsIDkoMik6MCwganVsIDIwMjMuIiAobmV3YmxvY2spKSAoY29uY2F0IChiaWJpdGVt
% KiAiMiIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLWNhc3Ryb19wb2x5bm9taWFsXzIwMDkiKSAiSmF2aWVyIENhc3Rybywg
% RGFuaWVsIEfzbWV6IiAobG9jYWxpemUgIiwgYW5kICIpICJKdWFuIFRlamFkYS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2sp
% ICJQb2x5bm9taWFsIGNhbGN1bGF0aW9uIG9mIHRoZSBTaGFwbGV5IHZhbHVlIGJhc2VkIG9uIHNhbXBs
% aW5nLiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJDb21wdXRlcnMgJiBP
% cGVyYXRpb25zIFJlc2VhcmNoIikgIiwgMzYoNSk6MTcyNhUxNzMwLCBtYXkgMjAwOS4iIChuZXdibG9j
% aykpIChjb25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICIzIikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWItY292ZXJ0X3N0b2NoYXN0aWNfMjAy
% NCIpICJJYW4gQ292ZXJ0LCBDaGFud29vIEtpbSwgU3UtSW4gTGVlLCBKYW1lcyBab3UiIChsb2NhbGl6
% ZSAiLCBhbmQgIikgIlRhdHN1bm9yaSBIYXNoaW1vdG8uICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiU3RvY2hhc3RpYyBB
% bW9ydGl6YXRpb246IEEgVW5pZmllZCBBcHByb2FjaCB0byBBY2NlbGVyYXRlIEZlYXR1cmUgYW5kIERh
% dGEgQXR0cmlidXRpb24uICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiamFuIDIwMjQuIiAobmV3YmxvY2spKSAoY29uY2F0
% IChiaWJpdGVtKiAiNCIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLWdob3JiYW5pX2RhdGFfMjAxOSIpICJBbWlyYXRhIEdo
% b3JiYW5pIiAobG9jYWxpemUgIiBhbmQgIikgIkphbWVzIFpvdS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJEYXRhIFNo
% YXBsZXk6IEVxdWl0YWJsZSBWYWx1YXRpb24gb2YgRGF0YSBmb3IgTWFjaGluZSBMZWFybmluZy4gIiAo
% bmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJQcm9j
% ZWVkaW5ncyBvZiB0aGUgMzZ0aCBJbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsIENvbmZlcmVuY2Ugb24gTWFjaGluZSBMZWFy
% bmluZywgUE1MUiIpICIsICIgKGxvY2FsaXplICJwYWdlcyAiKSAiMjI0MhUyMjUxLiBQTUxSLCBtYXkg
% MjAxOS4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChjb25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICI1IikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWItamlhX3Nj
% YWxhYmlsaXR5XzIwMjEiKSAiUnVveGkgSmlhLCBGYW4gV3UsIFh1ZWh1aSBTdW4sIEppYWNlbiBYdSwg
% RGF2aWQgRGFvLCBCaGF2eWEgS2FpbGtodXJhLCBDZSBaaGFuZywgQm8gTGkiIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiLCBh
% bmQgIikgIkRhd24gU29uZy4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJTY2FsYWJpbGl0eSB2cy4gVXRpbGl0eTogRG8g
% V2UgSGF2ZSBUbyBTYWNyaWZpY2UgT25lIGZvciB0aGUgT3RoZXIgaW4gRGF0YSBJbXBvcnRhbmNlIFF1
% YW50aWZpY2F0aW9uPyAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgKGxvY2FsaXplICJJbiAiKSAod2l0aCAiZm9udC1zaGFw
% ZSIgIml0YWxpYyIgIlByb2NlZWRpbmdzIG9mIHRoZSBJRUVFL0NWRiBDb25mZXJlbmNlIG9uIENvbXB1
% dGVyIFZpc2lvbiBhbmQgUGF0dGVybiBSZWNvZ25pdGlvbiIpICIsICIgKGxvY2FsaXplICJwYWdlcyAi
% KSAiODIzORU4MjQ3LiAyMDIxLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSogIjYiKSAobGFi
% ZWwgImJpYi1rd29uX2VmZmljaWVudF8yMDIxIikgIllvbmdjaGFuIEt3b24sIE1hbnVlbCIgKG5ic3Ap
% ICJBLiIgKG5ic3ApICJSaXZhcyIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIsIGFuZCAiKSAiSmFtZXMgWm91LiAiIChuZXdi
% bG9jaykgIkVmZmljaWVudCBDb21wdXRhdGlvbiBhbmQgQW5hbHlzaXMgb2YgRGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uYWwg
% U2hhcGxleSBWYWx1ZXMuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAobG9jYWxpemUgIkluICIpICh3aXRoICJmb250LXNo
% YXBlIiAiaXRhbGljIiAiUHJvY2VlZGluZ3Mgb2YgdGhlIDI0dGggSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbCBDb25mZXJl
% bmNlIG9uIEFydGlmaWNpYWwgSW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlIGFuZCBTdGF0aXN0aWNzIikgIiwgIiAobG9jYWxp
% emUgInBhZ2VzICIpICI3OTMVODAxLiBQTUxSLCBtYXIgMjAyMS4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChjb25jYXQg
% KGJpYml0ZW0qICI3IikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWIta3dvbl9iZXRhXzIwMjIiKSAiWW9uZ2NoYW4gS3dvbiIg
% KGxvY2FsaXplICIgYW5kICIpICJKYW1lcyBab3UuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiQmV0YSBTaGFwbGV5OiBh
% IFVuaWZpZWQgYW5kIE5vaXNlLXJlZHVjZWQgRGF0YSBWYWx1YXRpb24gRnJhbWV3b3JrIGZvciBNYWNo
% aW5lIExlYXJuaW5nLiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgKGxvY2FsaXplICJJbiAiKSAod2l0aCAiZm9udC1zaGFw
% ZSIgIml0YWxpYyIgIlByb2NlZWRpbmdzIG9mIHRoZSAyNXRoIEludGVybmF0aW9uYWwgQ29uZmVyZW5j
% ZSBvbiBBcnRpZmljaWFsIEludGVsbGlnZW5jZSBhbmQgU3RhdGlzdGljcyAoQUlTVEFUUykgMjAyMiwi
% KSAiLCAiIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAidm9sdW1lIikgIiAxNTEuIFZhbGVuY2lhLCBTcGFpbiwgamFuIDIwMjIu
% IFBNTFIuIiAobmV3YmxvY2spKSAoY29uY2F0IChiaWJpdGVtKiAiOCIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLWt3b25f
% ZGF0YW9vYl8yMDIzIikgIllvbmdjaGFuIEt3b24iIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiIGFuZCAiKSAiSmFtZXMgWm91
% LiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgIkRhdGEtT09COiBPdXQtb2YtYmFnIEVzdGltYXRlIGFzIGEgU2ltcGxlIGFu
% ZCBFZmZpY2llbnQgRGF0YSBWYWx1ZS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGgg
% ImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJQcm9jZWVkaW5ncyBvZiB0aGUgNDB0aCBJbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFs
% IENvbmZlcmVuY2Ugb24gTWFjaGluZSBMZWFybmluZyIpICIsICIgKGxvY2FsaXplICJwYWdlcyAiKSAi
% MTgxMzUVMTgxNTIuIFBNTFIsIGp1bCAyMDIzLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSog
% IjkiKSAobGFiZWwgImJpYi1saV9yb2J1c3RfMjAyMyIpICJXZWlkYSBMaSIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIgYW5k
% ICIpICJZYW9saWFuZyBZdS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJSb2J1c3QgRGF0YSBWYWx1YXRpb24gd2l0aCBX
% ZWlnaHRlZCBCYW56aGFmIFZhbHVlcy4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGgg
% ImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJQcm9jZWVkaW5ncyBvZiB0aGUgVGhpcnR5LXNldmVudGggQ29u
% ZmVyZW5jZSBvbiBOZXVyYWwgSW5mb3JtYXRpb24gUHJvY2Vzc2luZyBTeXN0ZW1zIikgIi4gTmV3IE9y
% bGVhbnMsIExvdWlzaWFuYSwgVVNBLCBub3YgMjAyMy4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChjb25jYXQgKGJpYml0
% ZW0qICIxMCIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLWxpbl9tZWFzdXJpbmdfMjAyMiIpICJKaW5rdW4gTGluLCBBbnFp
% IFpoYW5nLCBNYXRoaWFzIEzpY3V5ZXIsIEppbnlhbmcgTGksIEF1cm9qaXQgUGFuZGEiIChsb2NhbGl6
% ZSAiLCBhbmQgIikgIlNpZGRoYXJ0aGEgU2VuLiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgIk1lYXN1cmluZyB0aGUgRWZm
% ZWN0IG9mIFRyYWluaW5nIERhdGEgb24gRGVlcCBMZWFybmluZyBQcmVkaWN0aW9ucyB2aWEgUmFuZG9t
% aXplZCBFeHBlcmltZW50cy4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGggImZvbnQt
% c2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJQcm9jZWVkaW5ncyBvZiB0aGUgMzl0aCBJbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsIENvbmZl
% cmVuY2Ugb24gTWFjaGluZSBMZWFybmluZyIpICIsICIgKGxvY2FsaXplICJwYWdlcyAiKSAiMTM0NjgV
% MTM1MDQuIFBNTFIsIGp1biAyMDIyLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSogIjExIikg
% KGxhYmVsICJiaWItbWFsZWtpX2JvdW5kaW5nXzIwMTQiKSAiU2FzYW4gTWFsZWtpLCBMb25nIFRyYW4t
% VGhhbmgsIEdyZWcgSGluZXMsIFRhbGFsIFJhaHdhbiIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIsIGFuZCAiKSAiQWxleCBS
% b2dlcnMuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiQm91bmRpbmcgdGhlIEVzdGltYXRpb24gRXJyb3Igb2YgU2FtcGxp
% bmctYmFzZWQgU2hhcGxleSBWYWx1ZSBBcHByb3hpbWF0aW9uLiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgKHdpdGggImZv
% bnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJBclhpdjoxMzA2LjQyNjUgW2NzXSIpICIsIGZlYiAyMDE0LiIgKG5l
% d2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSogIjEyIikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWItb2tocmF0aV9tdWx0aWxp
% bmVhcl8yMDIxIikgIlJhbWluIE9raHJhdGkiIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiIGFuZCAiKSAiQWxkbyBMaXBhbmku
% ICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiQSBNdWx0aWxpbmVhciBTYW1wbGluZyBBbGdvcml0aG0gdG8gRXN0aW1hdGUg
% U2hhcGxleSBWYWx1ZXMuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAobG9jYWxpemUgIkluICIpICh3aXRoICJmb250LXNo
% YXBlIiAiaXRhbGljIiAiMjAyMCAyNXRoIEludGVybmF0aW9uYWwgQ29uZmVyZW5jZSBvbiBQYXR0ZXJu
% IFJlY29nbml0aW9uIChJQ1BSKSIpICIsICIgKGxvY2FsaXplICJwYWdlcyAiKSAiNzk5MhU3OTk5LiBJ
% RUVFLCBqYW4gMjAyMS4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChjb25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICIxMyIpIChsYWJlbCAi
% YmliLXNjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMiIpICJTdGVwaGFuaWUgU2Nob2NoLCBIYWlmZW5nIFh1IiAo
% bG9jYWxpemUgIiwgYW5kICIpICJZYW5nZmVuZyBKaS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJDUy1TaGFwbGV5OiBD
% bGFzcy13aXNlIFNoYXBsZXkgVmFsdWVzIGZvciBEYXRhIFZhbHVhdGlvbiBpbiBDbGFzc2lmaWNhdGlv
% bi4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMi
% ICJQcm9jLiBvZiB0aGUgVGhpcnR5LVNpeHRoIENvbmZlcmVuY2Ugb24gTmV1cmFsIEluZm9ybWF0aW9u
% IFByb2Nlc3NpbmcgU3lzdGVtcyAoTmV1cklQUykiKSAiLiBOZXcgT3JsZWFucywgTG91aXNpYW5hLCBV
% U0EsIG9jdCAyMDIyLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSogIjE0IikgKGxhYmVsICJi
% aWItc2ltX2RhdGFfMjAyMiIpICJSYWNoYWVsIiAobmJzcCkgIkh3ZWUiIChuYnNwKSAiTGluZyBTaW0s
% IFhpbnlpIFh1IiAobG9jYWxpemUgIiwgYW5kICIpICJCcnlhbiIgKG5ic3ApICJLaWFuIiAobmJzcCkg
% IkhzaWFuZyBMb3cuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiRGF0YSBWYWx1YXRpb24gaW4gTWFjaGluZSBMZWFybmlu
% ZzogXFxcIkluZ3JlZGllbnRzXFxcIiwgU3RyYXRlZ2llcywgYW5kIE9wZW4gQ2hhbGxlbmdlcy4gIiAo
% bmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJUaGly
% dHktRmlyc3QgSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbCBKb2ludCBDb25mZXJlbmNlIG9uIEFydGlmaWNpYWwgSW50ZWxs
% aWdlbmNlIikgIiwgIiAobG9jYWxpemUgInZvbHVtZSIpIChuYnNwKSAiNiwgIiAobG9jYWxpemUgInBh
% Z2VzICIpICI1NjA3FTU2MTQuIEp1bCAyMDIyLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSog
% IjE1IikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWItdHJhbnNmZXJsYWJfcHlkdmxfMjAyMiIpICJUZWFtIFRyYW5zZmVyTGFi
% LiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgIlB5RFZMOiBUaGUgUHl0aG9uIERhdGEgVmFsdWF0aW9uIExpYnJhcnkuICIg
% KG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiYXBwbGllZEFJIEluc3RpdHV0ZSBnR21iSCwgMjAyMi4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChj
% b25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICIxNiIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLXZhbnNjaG9yZW5fb3Blbm1sXzIwMTMiKSAi
% Sm9hcXVpbiBWYW5zY2hvcmVuLCBKYW4iIChuYnNwKSAiTi4iIChuYnNwKSAidmFuIFJpam4sIEJlcm5k
% IEJpc2NobCIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIsIGFuZCAiKSAiTHVpcyBUb3Jnby4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJPcGVu
% TUw6IG5ldHdvcmtlZCBzY2llbmNlIGluIG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmcuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAod2l0
% aCAiZm9udC1zaGFwZSIgIml0YWxpYyIgIlNJR0tERCBFeHBsb3JhdGlvbnMiKSAiLCAxNSgyKTo0ORU2
% MCwgMjAxMy4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChjb25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICIxNyIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLXdh
% bmdfZGF0YV8yMDIyIikgIkppYWNoZW4iIChuYnNwKSAiVC4iIChuYnNwKSAiV2FuZyIgKGxvY2FsaXpl
% ICIgYW5kICIpICJSdW94aSBKaWEuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiRGF0YSBCYW56aGFmOiBBIFJvYnVzdCBE
% YXRhIFZhbHVhdGlvbiBGcmFtZXdvcmsgZm9yIE1hY2hpbmUgTGVhcm5pbmcuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAo
% bG9jYWxpemUgIkluICIpICh3aXRoICJmb250LXNoYXBlIiAiaXRhbGljIiAiUHJvY2VlZGluZ3Mgb2Yg
% VGhlIDI2dGggSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbCBDb25mZXJlbmNlIG9uIEFydGlmaWNpYWwgSW50ZWxsaWdlbmNl
% IGFuZCBTdGF0aXN0aWNzIikgIiwgIiAobG9jYWxpemUgInBhZ2VzICIpICI2Mzg4FTY0MjEuIFBNTFIs
% IGFwciAyMDIzLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSogIjE4IikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWIt
% d2FuZ19pbXByb3ZpbmdfMjAyMiIpICJUaWFuaGFvIFdhbmcsIFl1IFlhbmciIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiLCBh
% bmQgIikgIlJ1b3hpIEppYS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJJbXByb3ZpbmcgQ29vcGVyYXRpdmUgR2FtZSBU
% aGVvcnktYmFzZWQgRGF0YSBWYWx1YXRpb24gdmlhIERhdGEgVXRpbGl0eSBMZWFybmluZy4gIiAobmV3
% YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJJbnRlcm5h
% dGlvbmFsIENvbmZlcmVuY2Ugb24gTGVhcm5pbmcgUmVwcmVzZW50YXRpb25zIChJQ0xSIDIwMjIpLiBX
% b3Jrc2hvcCBvbiBTb2NpYWxseSBSZXNwb25zaWJsZSBNYWNoaW5lIExlYXJuaW5nIikgIi4gQXJYaXYs
% IGFwciAyMDIyLiIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSkgKGNvbmNhdCAoYmliaXRlbSogIjE5IikgKGxhYmVsICJiaWIt
% d2F0c29uX2FjY2VsZXJhdGVkXzIwMjMiKSAiTGF1cmVuIFdhdHNvbiwgWmVubyBLdWphd2EsIFJheW5h
% IEFuZHJlZXZhLCBIYW8tVHN1bmcgWWFuZywgVGFyaXEgRWxhaGkiIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiLCBhbmQgIikg
% IlJpayBTYXJrYXIuICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiQWNjZWxlcmF0ZWQgU2hhcGxleSBWYWx1ZSBBcHByb3hp
% bWF0aW9uIGZvciBEYXRhIEV2YWx1YXRpb24uICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAibm92IDIwMjMuIiAobmV3Ymxv
% Y2spKSAoY29uY2F0IChiaWJpdGVtKiAiMjAiKSAobGFiZWwgImJpYi13aWxzb25fbWxmbG93XzIwMjMi
% KSAiQmVuIFdpbHNvbiwgQ29yZXkgWnVtYXIsIERhbmllbCBMb2ssIEdhYnJpZWwgRnUsIEhhcnV0YWth
% IEthd2FtdXJhLCBTZXJlbmEgUnVhbiwgV2VpY2hlbiBYdSIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIsIGFuZCAiKSAiWXVr
% aSBXYXRhbmFiZS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJNTGZsb3c6IEEgTWFjaGluZSBMZWFybmluZyBMaWZlY3lj
% bGUgUGxhdGZvcm0uICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAiTUxmbG93LCBkZWMgMjAyMy4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChj
% b25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICIyMSIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLXd1X3ZhcmlhbmNlXzIwMjMiKSAiTWVuZ21l
% bmcgV3UsIFJ1b3hpIEppYSwgQ2hhbmdsZSBMaW4sIFdlaSBIdWFuZyIgKGxvY2FsaXplICIsIGFuZCAi
% KSAiWGlhbmd5dSBDaGFuZy4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spICJWYXJpYW5jZSByZWR1Y2VkIFNoYXBsZXkgdmFs
% dWUgZXN0aW1hdGlvbiBmb3IgdHJ1c3R3b3J0aHkgZGF0YSB2YWx1YXRpb24uICIgKG5ld2Jsb2NrKSAo
% d2l0aCAiZm9udC1zaGFwZSIgIml0YWxpYyIgIkNvbXB1dGVycyAmIE9wZXJhdGlvbnMgUmVzZWFyY2gi
% KSAiLCAxNTk6MTA2MzA1LCBub3YgMjAyMy4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpIChjb25jYXQgKGJpYml0ZW0qICIy
% MiIpIChsYWJlbCAiYmliLXlhbl9pZl8yMDIxIikgIlRvbSBZYW4iIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAiIGFuZCAiKSAi
% QXJpZWwiIChuYnNwKSAiRC4iIChuYnNwKSAiUHJvY2FjY2lhLiAiIChuZXdibG9jaykgIklmIFlvdSBM
% aWtlIFNoYXBsZXkgVGhlbiBZb3UnbGwgTG92ZSB0aGUgQ29yZS4gIiAobmV3YmxvY2spIChsb2NhbGl6
% ZSAiSW4gIikgKHdpdGggImZvbnQtc2hhcGUiICJpdGFsaWMiICJQcm9jZWVkaW5ncyBvZiB0aGUgMzV0
% aCBBQUFJIENvbmZlcmVuY2Ugb24gQXJ0aWZpY2lhbCBJbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UsIDIwMjEiKSAiLCAiIChs
% b2NhbGl6ZSAidm9sdW1lIikgKG5ic3ApICI2LCAiIChsb2NhbGl6ZSAicGFnZXMgIikgIjU3NTEVNTc1
% OS4gVmlydHVhbCBjb25mZXJlbmNlLCBtYXkgMjAyMS4gQXNzb2NpYXRpb24gZm9yIHRoZSBBZHZhbmNl
% bWVudCBvZiBBcnRpZmljaWFsIEludGVsbGlnZW5jZS4iIChuZXdibG9jaykpKSkpKSAoYXBwZW5kaXgg
% IkFkZGl0aW9uYWwgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMiKSAoY29uY2F0IChzdWJzZWN0aW9uICJIaWdoLXZhbHVlIHBv
% aW50IHJlbW92YWwiKSAobGFiZWwgImFwcDpoaWdoLXZhbHVlIikpIChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAi
% Li4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvc3ZtL2N1cnZlcy93ZWlnaHRlZF9hY2N1cmFjeV9k
% cm9wX3N2bS5wZGYiICIxcGFyIiAiIiAiIiAiIikgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImZpZzphY2Mtc3ZtLXN2
% bSIpICJBY2N1cmFjeSBkcm9wIG9mIGFuIFNWTSwgd2l0aCB2YWx1ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgb24gYW4gU1ZN
% LiIpKSAoYmlnLWZpZ3VyZSAoaW1hZ2UgIi4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFsL2tubi9j
% dXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9rbm4ucGRmIiAiMXBhciIgIiIgIiIgIiIpIChjb25j
% YXQgKGxhYmVsICJmaWc6YWNjLWtubi1rbm4iKSAiQWNjdXJhY3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIEtOTiBjbGFzc2lm
% aWVyLCB3aXRoIHZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCBvbiBhIEtOTiBjbGFzc2lmaWVyLiIpKSAoYmlnLWZpZ3Vy
% ZSAoaW1hZ2UgIi4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFsL2dyYWRpZW50X2Jvb3N0aW5nX2Ns
% YXNzaWZpZXIvY3VydmVzL3dlaWdodGVkX2FjY3VyYWN5X2Ryb3BfZ3JhZGllbnRfYm9vc3RpbmdfY2xh
% c3NpZmllci5wZGYiICIxcGFyIiAiIiAiIiAiIikgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImZpZzphY2MtbWxwLW1s
% cCIpICJBY2N1cmFjeSBkcm9wIG9mIGdyYWRpZW50IGJvb3N0aW5nIGNsYXNzaWZpZXIsIGZvciB2YWx1
% ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgYSBncmFkaWVudCBib29zdGluZyBjbGFzc2lmaWVyLiIpKSAoY29uY2F0
% IChzdWJzZWN0aW9uICJWYWx1ZSB0cmFuc2ZlciIpIChsYWJlbCAiYXBwOnZhbHVlLXRyYW5zZmVyIikp
% IChiaWctZmlndXJlIChpbWFnZSAiLi4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvc3ZtL2N1cnZl
% cy93ZWlnaHRlZF9hY2N1cmFjeV9kcm9wX21scC5wZGYiICIxcGFyIiAiIiAiIiAiIikgKGNvbmNhdCAo
% bGFiZWwgImZpZzp0cmFuc2Zlci1zdm0tbWxwIikgIkFjY3VyYWN5IGRyb3Agb2YgYSBmdWxseSBjb25u
% ZWN0ZWQgbmV1cmFsIG5ldHdvcmssIGZvciB2YWx1ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgYW4gU1ZNLiIpKSAo
% YmlnLWZpZ3VyZSAoaW1hZ2UgIi4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFsL2tubi9jdXJ2ZXMv
% d2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9tbHAucGRmIiAiMXBhciIgIiIgIiIgIiIpIChjb25jYXQgKGxh
% YmVsICJmaWc6dHJhbnNmZXIta25uLW1scCIpICJBY2N1cmFjeSBkcm9wIG9mIGEgZnVsbHkgY29ubmVj
% dGVkIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3JrLCBmb3IgdmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1dGVkIHVzaW5nIEtOTi4iKSkgKGJpZy1m
% aWd1cmUgKGltYWdlICIuLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9zdm0vY3VydmVzL3dlaWdo
% dGVkX2FjY3VyYWN5X2Ryb3BfZ3JhZGllbnRfYm9vc3RpbmdfY2xhc3NpZmllci5wZGYiICIxcGFyIiAi
% IiAiIiAiIikgKGNvbmNhdCAobGFiZWwgImZpZzp0cmFuc2Zlci1zdm0tZ2IiKSAiQWNjdXJhY3kgZHJv
% cCBvZiBhIGdyYWRpZW50IGJvb3N0aW5nIGNsYXNzaWZpZXIsIGZvciB2YWx1ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNp
% bmcgYW4gU1ZNLiIpKSAoYmlnLWZpZ3VyZSAoaW1hZ2UgIi4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1v
% dmFsL2tubi9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9ncmFkaWVudF9ib29zdGluZ19jbGFz
% c2lmaWVyLnBkZiIgIjFwYXIiICIiICIiICIiKSAoY29uY2F0IChsYWJlbCAiZmlnOnRyYW5zZmVyLWtu
% bi1nYiIpICJBY2N1cmFjeSBkcm9wIG9mIGEgZ3JhZGllbnQgYm9vc3RpbmcgY2xhc3NpZmllciwgZm9y
% IHZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCB1c2luZyBLTk4uIikpKSkgKGluaXRpYWwgKGNvbGxlY3Rpb24gKGFzc29j
% aWF0ZSAiZm9udCIgInN0aXgiKSAoYXNzb2NpYXRlICJmb250LWJhc2Utc2l6ZSIgIjEwIikgKGFzc29j
% aWF0ZSAiZm9udC1mYW1pbHkiICJybSIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUgImdsb2JhbC1zdWJqZWN0IiAiRGF0YSB2
% YWx1YXRpb24sIFNoYXBsZXkgdmFsdWVzLCBDbGFzc3dpc2UgU2hhcGxleSwgRGF0YSBCYW56aGFmLCBM
% ZWFzdCBDb3JlIikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAiZ2xvYmFsLXRpdGxlIiAiW1JlXSBDbGFzc3dpc2UtU2hhcGxl
% eSB2YWx1ZXMgZm9yIGRhdGEgdmFsdWF0aW9uIikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAiaW5mby1mbGFnIiAiZGV0YWls
% ZWQiKSAoYXNzb2NpYXRlICJtYXRoLWZvbnQiICJtYXRoLXN0aXgiKSAoYXNzb2NpYXRlICJwYWdlLWJy
% ZWFraW5nIiAic2xvcHB5IikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAicGFnZS1oZWlnaHQiICJhdXRvIikgKGFzc29jaWF0
% ZSAicGFnZS1tZWRpdW0iICJwYXBlciIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUgInBhZ2Utc2NyZWVuLW1hcmdpbiIgImZh
% bHNlIikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAicGFnZS10eXBlIiAibGV0dGVyIikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAicGFnZS13aWR0
% aCIgImF1dG8iKSAoYXNzb2NpYXRlICJwcmVhbWJsZSIgImZhbHNlIikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAicHJvZy1z
% Y3JpcHRzIiAicHl0aG9uIikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAic2F2ZS1hdXgiICJmYWxzZSIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUg
% InRleC1ldmVuLXNpZGUtbWFyZ2luIiAiMTBwdCIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUgInRleC1mb290LXNraXAiICIz
% MHB0IikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAidGV4LWhlYWQtaGVpZ2h0IiAiMTJwdCIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUgInRleC1o
% ZWFkLXNlcCIgIjE2cHQiKSAoYXNzb2NpYXRlICJ0ZXgtbGluZS13aWR0aCIgIiIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUg
% InRleC1vZGQtc2lkZS1tYXJnaW4iICIxMHB0IikgKGFzc29jaWF0ZSAidGV4LXRleHQtaGVpZ2h0IiAi
% MjJjbSIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUgInRleC10ZXh0LXdpZHRoIiAiMTZjbSIpIChhc3NvY2lhdGUgInRleC10
% b3AtbWFyZ2luIiAiLTEwcHQiKSkpKQolIFNlcGFyYXRlIGF0dGFjaG1lbnRzClxkb2N1bWVudGNsYXNz
% e2FydGljbGV9Clx1c2VwYWNrYWdlW2VuZ2xpc2hde2JhYmVsfQpcdXNlcGFja2FnZVt1dGY4XXtpbnB1
% dGVuY30KXHVzZXBhY2thZ2V7Z2VvbWV0cnksYW1zbWF0aCxhbXNzeW1iLGdyYXBoaWN4LGh5cGVycmVm
% LGNsZXZlcmVmLGJhYmVsLHVybCxpbnB1dGVuYyxmbG9hdCx4Y29sb3IsdG1scn0KXHVzZXBhY2thZ2V7
% bmF0YmlifQpcZ2VvbWV0cnl7bGV0dGVycGFwZXJ9CgolJSUlJSUlJSUlIFN0YXJ0IFRlWG1hY3MgbWFj
% cm9zClxjYXRjb2RlYFw8PVxhY3RpdmUgXGRlZjx7Clxmb250ZW5jb2Rpbmd7VDF9XHNlbGVjdGZvbnRc
% c3ltYm9sezYwfVxmb250ZW5jb2Rpbmd7XGVuY29kaW5nZGVmYXVsdH19ClxjYXRjb2RlYFw+PVxhY3Rp
% dmUgXGRlZj57Clxmb250ZW5jb2Rpbmd7VDF9XHNlbGVjdGZvbnRcc3ltYm9sezYyfVxmb250ZW5jb2Rp
% bmd7XGVuY29kaW5nZGVmYXVsdH19ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1xhc3NpZ259ezo9fQpcbmV3Y29tbWFuZHtc
% bWF0aGV9e1xtYXRocm17ZX19ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1x0bWFmZmlsaWF0aW9ufVsxXXtcXCAjMX0KXG5l
% d2NvbW1hbmR7XHRtZGZufVsxXXtcdGV4dGJmeyMxfX0KXG5ld2NvbW1hbmR7XHRtZW19WzFde3tcZW0g
% IzFcL319ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1x0bW1hdGhiZn1bMV17XGVuc3VyZW1hdGh7XGJvbGRzeW1ib2x7IzF9
% fX0KXG5ld2NvbW1hbmR7XHRtbmFtZX1bMV17XHRleHRzY3sjMX19ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1x0bW9wfVsx
% XXtcZW5zdXJlbWF0aHtcb3BlcmF0b3JuYW1leyMxfX19ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1x0bXJzdXB9WzFde1x0
% ZXh0c3VwZXJzY3JpcHR7IzF9fQpcbmV3Y29tbWFuZHtcdG1zdHJvbmd9WzFde1x0ZXh0YmZ7IzF9fQpc
% bmV3Y29tbWFuZHtcdG10dH1bMV17XHRleHR0dHsjMX19ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1x0b2RvfVsxXXt7XGNv
% bG9ye3JlZCE3NSFibGFja31bVG8gZG86ICMxXX19CiUlJSUlJSUlJSUgRW5kIFRlWG1hY3MgbWFjcm9z
% CgpcbmV3Y29tbWFuZHtcZml4fXtcbWFyZ2lucGFye0ZJWH19ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1xuZXd9e1xtYXJn
% aW5wYXJ7TkVXfX0KClxkZWZcbW9udGh7TU19ICAlIEluc2VydCBjb3JyZWN0IG1vbnRoIGZvciBjYW1l
% cmEtcmVhZHkgdmVyc2lvbgpcZGVmXHllYXJ7MjAyNH0gJSBJbnNlcnQgY29ycmVjdCB5ZWFyIGZvciBj
% YW1lcmEtcmVhZHkgdmVyc2lvbgpcZGVmXG9wZW5yZXZpZXd7XHVybHtodHRwczovL29wZW5yZXZpZXcu
% bmV0L2ZvcnVtP2lkPVhYWFh9fSAlIEluc2VydCBjb3JyZWN0IGxpbmsgdG8gT3BlblJldmlldyBmb3Ig
% Y2FtZXJhLXJlYWR5IHZlcnNpb24KClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1xuZXd9e1xtYXJnaW5wYXJ7TkVXfX0KXG5l
% d2NvbW1hbmR7XG5ld317XG1hcmdpbnBhcntORVd9fQpcbmV3Y29tbWFuZHtcbmV3fXtcbWFyZ2lucGFy
% e05FV319ClxuZXdjb21tYW5ke1xuZXd9e1xtYXJnaW5wYXJ7TkVXfX0KXG5ld2NvbW1hbmR7XG5ld317
% XG1hcmdpbnBhcntORVd9fQolCgolCgolCgolCgolCgoKXGJlZ2lue2RvY3VtZW50fQoKe1xidG17MX19
% XHRpdGxle1tSZV0gQ2xhc3N3aXNlLVNoYXBsZXkgdmFsdWVzIGZvciBkYXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbn0KClxh
% dXRob3J7CiAgTWFya3VzIFNlbW1sZXIKICBcdG1hZmZpbGlhdGlvbnt7XGJ0bXsxLDEsMCwxLDAsMH19
% YXBwbGllZEFJIEluaXRpYXRpdmUgR21iSHtcZXRtezEsMSwwLDEsMCwwfX19CiAgXGFuZAogIE1pZ3Vl
% bCBkZSBCZW5pdG8gRGVsZ2FkbwogIFx0bWFmZmlsaWF0aW9ue3tcYnRtezEsMiwwLDEsMCwwfX1hcHBs
% aWVkQUkgSW5zdGl0dXRlIGdHbWJIe1xldG17MSwyLDAsMSwwLDB9fX0KfQoKXG1ha2V0aXRsZXtcZXRt
% ezF9fQoKe1xidG17Mn19XGJlZ2lue2Fic3RyYWN0fQogIHtcYnRtezIsMCwwLDB9fVdlIGV2YWx1YXRl
% IENTLVNoYXBsZXksIGEgZGF0YSB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kIGludHJvZHVjZWQgaW4KICB7XGNpdGVw
% e3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19IGZvciBjbGFzc2lmaWNhdGlvbiBwcm9ibGVtcy4gV2UgcmVw
% ZWF0IHRoZQogIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzIGluIHRoZSBwYXBlciwgaW5jbHVkaW5nIHR3byBhZGRpdGlvbmFs
% IG1ldGhvZHMsIHRoZSBMZWFzdCBDb3JlCiAgKHtcY2l0ZXB7eWFuX2lmXzIwMjF9fSkgYW5kIERhdGEg
% QmFuemhhZiAoe1xjaXRlcHt3YW5nX2RhdGFfMjAyMn19KSwgYQogIGNvbXBhcmlzb24gbm90IGZvdW5k
% IGluIHRoZSBsaXRlcmF0dXJlLiBXZSBpbmNsdWRlIG1vcmUgY29uc2VydmF0aXZlIGVycm9yCiAgZXN0
% aW1hdGVzIGFuZCBhZGRpdGlvbmFsIG1ldHJpY3MsIGxpa2UgcmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHksIGFuZCBhCiAg
% dmFyaWFuY2UtY29ycmVjdGVkIHZlcnNpb24gb2YgV2VpZ2h0ZWQgQWNjdXJhY3kgRHJvcCwgb3JpZ2lu
% YWxseSBpbnRyb2R1Y2VkCiAgaW4ge1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fS4gV2UgY29u
% Y2x1ZGUgdGhhdCB3aGlsZSBDUy1TaGFwbGV5IGhlbHBzCiAgaW4gdGhlIHNjZW5hcmlvcyBpdCB3YXMg
% b3JpZ2luYWxseSB0ZXN0ZWQgaW4sIGluIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIgZm9yIHRoZQogIGRldGVjdGlvbiBvZiBj
% b3JydXB0ZWQgbGFiZWxzLCBpdCBpcyBvdXRwZXJmb3JtZWQgYnkgdGhlIGNvbmNlcHR1YWxseQogIHNp
% bXBsZXIgRGF0YSBCYW56aGFmIGluIHRoZSB0YXNrIG9mIGRldGVjdGluZyBoaWdobHkgaW5mbHVlbnRp
% YWwgcG9pbnRzLntcZXRtezIsMCwwLDB9fQpcZW5ke2Fic3RyYWN0fXtcZXRtezJ9fQoKe1xidG17M319
% XHNlY3Rpb257RGVmaW5pdGlvbnMgYW5kIG5vdGF0aW9ufXtcZXRtezN9fQoKe1xidG17NH19V2UgZGVm
% aW5lIHtcdG1kZm57ZGF0YSB2YWx1YXRpb259fSBhcyB0aGUgdGFzayBvZiBhc3NpZ25pbmcgYSBzY2Fs
% YXIgdmFsdWUgdG8KdHJhaW5pbmcgcG9pbnRzIHdoaWNoIG1lYXN1cmVzIHRoZWlyIGNvbnRyaWJ1dGlv
% biB0byB0aGUgZXN0aW1hdGVkIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlCm9mIGEgc3VwZXJ2aXNlZCBtYWNoaW5lIGxlYXJu
% aW5nIG1vZGVsLlxmb290bm90ZXt7XGJ0bXs0LDMsMCwwfX1UaGUgZmllbGQgaW5jbHVkZXMgYSB3aWRl
% cgpyYW5nZSBvZiBkZWZpbml0aW9ucyBvZiB2YWx1ZS4gRm9yIGFuIG92ZXJ2aWV3IG9mIGdvYWxzIGFu
% ZCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgb2YKZGF0YSB2YWx1YXRpb24sIHdlIHJlZmVyIHRvIHtcY2l0ZXB7c2ltX2Rh
% dGFfMjAyMn19IGFzIHdlbGwgYXMgdG8gdGhlCmRvY3VtZW50YXRpb24gb2Yge1x0bW5hbWV7UHlEVkx9
% fSAoe1xjaXRlcHt0cmFuc2ZlcmxhYl9weWR2bF8yMDIyfX0pLntcZXRtezQsMywwLDB9fX0gVGhpcwpz
% ZXRzIHVzIGluIHRoZSBmcmFtZXdvcmsgb2YgbW9kZWwtYWdub3N0aWMgZGF0YSB2YWx1YXRpb24gKGlu
% IHRoZSBzZW5zZSB0aGF0CmFueSBtb2RlbCBjYW4gYmUgdXNlZCwgYnV0IG9uZSBpcyBuZWVkZWQpLCBh
% bmQgd2Ugc3BlY2lmaWNhbGx5IGZvY3VzIG9uIHRoZQpjbGFzcyBvZiBtYXJnaW5hbCBjb250cmlidXRp
% b24tYmFzZWQgbWV0aG9kcy4gVGhlc2UgZGVmaW5lIHRoZSB7XHRtZGZue3ZhbHVlfX0Kb2YgYSBkYXR1
% bSAkXHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kkIGluIHRoZSB0cmFpbmluZyBzZXQgJFQgXGFzc2lnbiBceyBcdG1tYXRo
% YmZ7en1faSA9CihcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eH1faSwgXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2kpIDogaSA9IDEsIFxsZG90cywg
% biBcfSQgYXMgYSBmdW5jdGlvbiBvZiBpdHMKe1x0bWRmbnttYXJnaW5hbCB1dGlsaXR5fX06IFRoaXMg
% aXMgdGhlIGRpZmZlcmVuY2UgaW4gcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugd2hlbgp0cmFpbmluZyB3aXRoIGFuZCB3aXRo
% b3V0ICRcdG1tYXRoYmZ7en1faSQsIG1lYXN1cmVkIG92ZXIgYSBzZXBhcmF0ZQp7XHRtZGZue3ZhbHVh
% dGlvbiBzZXR9fSAkRCQuIEEgdGhpcmQgc2V0ICREX3tcdG1vcHt0ZXN0fX0kIGZvciB0ZXN0aW5nIGlz
% IGhlbGQKb3V0IGFuZCBvbmx5IHVzZWQgZm9yIGZpbmFsIGV2YWx1YXRpb24ue1xldG17NH19Cgp7XGJ0
% bXs1fX1UaGUgc2ltcGxlc3QgZXhhbXBsZSBvZiBhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2QgYmFzZWQgb24gbWFy
% Z2luYWwgY29udHJpYnV0aW9ucyBpcwp7XHRtZGZue0xlYXZlLU9uZS1PdXQgKExPTyl9fSwgd2hpY2gg
% aXMgZGVmaW5lZCBhcyB0aGUgbWFyZ2luYWwgdXRpbGl0eSBvZgokXHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kkIGZvciB0
% aGUgd2hvbGUgJFQkOntcZXRtezV9fQp7XGJ0bXs2fX1cYmVnaW57ZXF1YXRpb259CiAge1xidG17Niww
% LDB9fXZfe1xtYXRocm17bG9vfX0gKFx0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pKSBcYXNzaWduIHUgKFQpIC0gdQogIChU
% XGJhY2tzbGFzaFx7XHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kgXH0pLCBcbGFiZWx7ZXE6bG9vfXtcZXRtezYsMCwwfX0K
% XGVuZHtlcXVhdGlvbn17XGV0bXs2fX0Ke1xidG17N319d2hlcmUgdGhlIHtcdG1kZm57dXRpbGl0eX19
% ICR1ID0gdV9EIDogMl5UIFxyaWdodGFycm93IFxtYXRoYmJ7Un0kIGlzIHRoZQpwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBv
% ZiB0aGUgbW9kZWwgd2hlbiB0cmFpbmVkIG9uIGFueSAkUyBcc3Vic2V0ZXEgVCQsIG1lYXN1cmVkIG9u
% IGEKaGVsZC1vdXQge1x0bWRmbnt2YWx1YXRpb24gc2V0fX0gJEQkLiBUaGUgc3RhbmRhcmQgY2hvaWNl
% IGZvciAkdSQgaW4KY2xhc3NpZmljYXRpb24gaXMge1x0bWRmbnthY2N1cmFjeX19LCB3aGlsZSBmb3Ig
% cmVncmVzc2lvbiBvbmUgY2FuIHRha2UgdGhlCm5lZ2F0aXZlIGVtcGlyaWNhbCByaXNrLiBCZWNhdXNl
% IGZvciBsYXJnZSB0cmFpbmluZyBzZXRzICRUJCB0aGUgY29udHJpYnV0aW9uCm9mIHNpbmdsZSBwb2lu
% dHMgd2lsbCBiZSB2YW5pc2hpbmdseSBzbWFsbCwgTE9PIGlzIHR5cGljYWxseSBvdXRwZXJmb3JtZWQg
% YnkKbWV0aG9kcyBhdmVyYWdpbmcgbWFueSBtYXJnaW5hbCBjb250cmlidXRpb25zIHRvIGRpZmZlcmVu
% dCBzdWJzZXRzIG9mICRUJC57XGV0bXs3fX0KCntcYnRtezh9fURyYXdpbmcgZnJvbSB0aGUgbGl0ZXJh
% dHVyZSBpbiBjb29wZXJhdGl2ZSBnYW1lIHRoZW9yeSwgdGhlIHNlbWluYWwgcGFwZXIKe1x0bW5hbWV7
% RGF0YS1TaGFwbGV5fX0gKHtcY2l0ZXB7Z2hvcmJhbmlfZGF0YV8yMDE5fX0pIHRha2VzIGEgd2VpZ2h0
% ZWQgbWVhbgpvZiB0aGUgbWFyZ2luYWwgdXRpbGl0eSBmb3Ige1x0bWVte2V2ZXJ5fX0gc3Vic2V0ICRT
% IFxzdWJzZXRlcSBUXGJhY2tzbGFzaCBcewpcdG1tYXRoYmZ7en1faSBcfSQsIHdpdGggd2VpZ2h0cyBn
% aXZlbiBieSB0aGUgU2hhcGxleSBjb2VmZmljaWVudHM6e1xldG17OH19CntcYnRtezl9fVxiZWdpbntl
% cXVhdGlvbn0KICB7XGJ0bXs5LDAsMH19dl97XHRtb3B7c2hhcH19IChcdG1tYXRoYmZ7en1faSkgXGFz
% c2lnbiBcZnJhY3sxfXtufSAgXHN1bV97UyBcc3Vic2V0ZXEKICBUXGJhY2tzbGFzaCBce1x0bW1hdGhi
% Znt6fV9pIFx9fSBcYmlub217biAtIDF9e3wgUyB8fV57LSAxfSAgW3UgKFMgXGN1cAogIFx7XHRtbWF0
% aGJme3p9X2kgXH0pIC0gdSAoUyldIC4gXGxhYmVse2VxOnNoYXBsZXktdmFsdWV9e1xldG17OSwwLDB9
% fQpcZW5ke2VxdWF0aW9ufXtcZXRtezl9fQp7XGJ0bXsxMH19QmVjYXVzZSBvZiB0aGUgZXhwb25lbnRp
% YWwgY29zdCBvZiAkXG1hdGhjYWx7T30gKDJee3wgVCB8fSkkIGV2YWx1YXRpb25zIG9mCnRoZSB1dGls
% aXR5IChlYWNoIG9mIHdoaWNoIGVudGFpbHMgcmV0cmFpbmluZyB0aGUgbW9kZWwgb2YgaW50ZXJlc3Qp
% LCBwcmV2aW91cwp3b3JrIG9uIFNoYXBsZXkgdmFsdWUgKHtcY2l0ZXB7Y2FzdHJvX3BvbHlub21pYWxf
% MjAwOX19KSBoYWQgcHJvcG9zZWQKaXRlcmF0aW5nIG92ZXIgcGVybXV0YXRpb25zIHRvIGluY3JlYXNl
% IHRoZSBhY2N1cmFjeSBvZiBNb250ZSBDYXJsbyBlc3RpbWF0ZXM6CkEgcmFuZG9tIHBlcm11dGF0aW9u
% IG9mIHRoZSBpbmRleCBzZXQgb2YgJFRcYmFja3NsYXNoIFx7IFx0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pIFx9JCBpcwpz
% YW1wbGVkLCBhbmQgb25lIGl0ZXJhdGVzIG92ZXIgdGhlIHBlcm11dGF0aW9uLCBpbmNyZW1lbnRhbGx5
% IGNvbXB1dGluZwptYXJnaW5hbCB1dGlsaXRpZXMuIFRoZSBhdXRob3JzIG9mIHtcY2l0ZXB7Z2hvcmJh
% bmlfZGF0YV8yMDE5fX0gdHJ1bmNhdGUgdGhpcwpwcm9jZXNzIGFmdGVyIHRoZSBpbmNsdXNpb24gb2Yg
% YSBuZXcgcG9pbnQgcmVzdWx0cyB3aXRoaW4gYSBjZXJ0YWluIHRocmVzaG9sZApvZiB0aGUgdG90YWwg
% dXRpbGl0eS4gVGhlaXIgbWV0aG9kIHtcdG1kZm57VHJ1bmNhdGVkIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIFNoYXBsZXl9
% fQooVE1DUyksIGNhbiBkcmFzdGljYWxseSByZWR1Y2UgY29tcHV0YXRpb24gdGltZS5cZm9vdG5vdGV7
% e1xidG17MTAsMTEsMCwwfX1UaGUgaWRlYSBiZWluZyB0aGF0CmFzIHRoZSBzaXplICRrJCBvZiB0aGUg
% c3Vic2V0cyAkUyQgZ3Jvd3MgdG93YXJkcyAkfER8JCwgaW5kaXZpZHVhbCBwb2ludHMKY29udHJpYnV0
% ZSBsZXNzIGFuZCBsZXNzIHRvIHRoZSBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBvZiBhIG1vZGVsIHdoZW4gdHJhaW5lZCBv
% biAkUyQsIGFzCmhhcHBlbnMgd2l0aCBMT08uIFNvbWUgZXN0aW1hdGVzIGZyb20gc3RhYmlsaXR5IHRo
% ZW9yeSBzaG93IHRoYXQgaXQgaXMKcmVhc29uYWJsZSB0byBleHBlY3QgYW4gdXBwZXIgYm91bmQgb24g
% dGhlIHV0aWxpdHkgb2YgJFxtYXRoY2Fse099ICgxIC8gaykkLgpJdCBpcyBpbnRlcmVzdGluZyB0byBu
% b3RlIHRoYXQgZGltaW5pc2hpbmcgcmV0dXJucyBhcHBseSBhbHNvIGFzICRrJCBkZWNyZWFzZXMKdG8g
% MC4gVGhpcyBtb3RpdmF0ZXMgY29tcHV0aW5nIFxlcXJlZntlcTpzaGFwbGV5LXZhbHVlfSBmb3IgYSBj
% ZXJ0YWluIHJhbmdlIG9mCnNldCBzaXplcyAkfFN8IFxpbiArIFtCX3tcdG1vcHtsb3d9fSwgQl97XHRt
% b3B7dXB9fV0kLCBhcyBwcm9wb3NlZCBpbgp7XGNpdGVwe3dhdHNvbl9hY2NlbGVyYXRlZF8yMDIzfX0u
% IFRoaXMgaWRlYSBpcyBhbHNvIGJlaGluZCB0aGUgd2VpZ2h0aW5nCnN0cmF0ZWd5IG9mIHtcY2l0ZXB7
% a3dvbl9iZXRhXzIwMjJ9fSBkZXNjcmliZWQgbGF0ZXIue1xldG17MTAsMTEsMCwwfX19e1xldG17MTB9
% fQoKe1xidG17MTF9fVRoaXMgc3B1cnJlZCBhIHNlcmllcyBvZiB3b3JrcyBwcm9wb3NpbmcgZGlmZmVy
% ZW50IE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGVzdGltYXRvcnMKKHtcY2l0ZXB7b2tocmF0aV9tdWx0aWxpbmVhcl8yMDIx
% fX0pLCB2YXJpYXRpb25zIG9mIHRoZSBTaGFwbGV5IHZhbHVlCih7XGNpdGVwe2t3b25fZWZmaWNpZW50
% XzIwMjF9fSksIGFuZCBvdGhlciBnYW1lLXRoZW9yZXRpYyBzb2x1dGlvbiBjb25jZXB0cwpsaWtlIHRo
% ZSBMZWFzdCBDb3JlICh7XGNpdGVwe3lhbl9pZl8yMDIxLGJlbm1lcnpvdWdfcmVfMjAyM319KSAoTEMg
% aW4gdGhlCnNlcXVlbCksIHdoaWNoIHdlIGluY2x1ZGUgaW4gb3VyIGFuYWx5c2lzLiBTZXZlcmFsIHNh
% bXBsaW5nIHN0cmF0ZWdpZXMgdG8KcmVkdWNlIHRoZSB2YXJpYW5jZSBvZiB0aGUgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8g
% ZXN0aW1hdGVzIGV4aXN0Cih7XGNpdGVwe3d1X3ZhcmlhbmNlXzIwMjMsY292ZXJ0X3N0b2NoYXN0aWNf
% MjAyNH19KSwgYnV0IGdlbmVyYWxpemF0aW9ucyB0bwpzby1jYWxsZWQge1x0bWRmbntzZW1pLXZhbHVl
% c319IGFyZSBtb3JlIHN1Y2Nlc3NmdWwuIFRoZSBpZGVhIGlzIHRvIGNoYW5nZSB0aGUKd2VpZ2h0cyBp
% biBcQ3JlZntlcTpzaGFwbGV5LXZhbHVlfSB3aXRoIHRoZSBnb2FsIG9mIGNvbXBlbnNhdGluZyBmb3Ig
% dGhlCnZhcmlhbmNlIG9mICR1IChTKSQsIHdoaWNoIHR5cGljYWxseSBpbmNyZWFzZXMgd2l0aCBtb2Rl
% bCBjYXBhY2l0eSBhdCBsb3cgc2V0CnNpemVzICR8IFMgfCQuIEJldGEtU2hhcGxleSAoe1xjaXRlcHtr
% d29uX2JldGFfMjAyMn19KSBnaXZlcyBtb3JlIHdlaWdodCB0bwpzdWJzZXRzICRTJCBpbiB0aGUgbG93
% ZXItIHRvIG1pZC1zaXplIHJhbmdlIGJ5IHVzaW5nIGEgQmV0YSBmdW5jdGlvbiBmb3IgdGhlCmNvZWZm
% aWNpZW50cy4gQSBzaW1wbGVyIGFwcHJvYWNoLCBEYXRhIEJhbnpoYWYgKHtcY2l0ZXB7d2FuZ19kYXRh
% XzIwMjJ9fSkgKERCCmluIHRoZSBzZXF1ZWwpLCBkZWZpbmVkIGFzIGZvbGxvd3MsIGlzIG9mIHBhcnRp
% Y3VsYXIgaW50ZXJlc3QgdG8gb3VyCmFuYWx5c2lzOlxmb290bm90ZXt7XGJ0bXsxMSwyMywwLDB9fURl
% c3BpdGUgdGhlIGZvcm11bGF0aW9uIHdpdGggYSBzdW0gb3ZlciB0aGUgcG93ZXJzZXQgb2YKJFRcYmFj
% a3NsYXNoIFx7IFx0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pIFx9JCwgYXMgd2l0aCBtb3N0IGdhbWUtdGhlb3JldGljIG1l
% dGhvZHMsIGluCnByYWN0aWNlIG9uZSBkb2VzIG5vdCBzYW1wbGUgc3Vic2V0cyAkUyQgZGlyZWN0bHkg
% YnV0IGl0ZXJhdGVzIG92ZXIKcGVybXV0YXRpb25zIGFzIGRlc2NyaWJlZCBhYm92ZS57XGV0bXsxMSwy
% MywwLDB9fX17XGV0bXsxMX19CntcYnRtezEyfX1cYmVnaW57ZXF1YXRpb259CiAge1xidG17MTIsMCww
% fX12X3tcdG1vcHtiemZ9fSAoXHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kpIFxhc3NpZ24gXGZyYWN7MX17Ml57biAtIDF9
% fSAgXHN1bV97UwogIFxzdWJzZXRlcSBUXGJhY2tzbGFzaCBce1x0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pIFx9fSBbdSAo
% UyBcY3VwIFx7XHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kgXH0pIC0KICB1IChTKV0gLiBcbGFiZWx7ZXE6YmFuemhhZi12
% YWx1ZX17XGV0bXsxMiwwLDB9fQpcZW5ke2VxdWF0aW9ufXtcZXRtezEyfX0Ke1xidG17MTN9fUFzIG1l
% bnRpb25lZCwgdGhlIG1haW4gbW90aXZhdGlvbiBiZWhpbmQgREIgaXMgYWRkcmVzc2luZyB0aGUgc3Rv
% Y2hhc3RpY2l0eSBpbgokUyBcbWFwc3RvIHUgKFMpJCAoY2YuIFxDcmVme3NlYzpzb3VyY2VzLW9mLXJh
% bmRvbW5lc3N9IGZvciBtb3JlIG9uCnJhbmRvbW5lc3MpLiBJbnR1aXRpdmVseSwgdGhlIGNvbnN0YW50
% IGNvZWZmaWNpZW50cyAkMl57biAtIDF9JCBhcmUgdGhlIGJlc3QKb25lIGNhbiBkbyBmb3IgZ2VuZXJh
% bCAkdSQsIHNpbmNlIGdpdmVuIGFueSB3ZWlnaHRpbmcgc2NoZW1lLCBpdCBpcyBhbHdheXMKcG9zc2li
% bGUgdG8gYWR2ZXJzYXJpYWxseSBjb25zdHJ1Y3QgYSB1dGlsaXR5IHdpdGggaGlnaCB2YXJpYW5jZSBh
% dCB0aGUgc2V0CnNpemVzIHdpdGggaGlnaGVzdCB3ZWlnaHRzLiBUaGUgYXV0aG9ycyBkbyBpbmRlZWQg
% cHJvdmUgY2VydGFpbiBvcHRpbWFsaXR5CnJlc3VsdHMgd3J0LiBhIG5vdGlvbiBvZiBzdGFiaWxpdHkg
% aW4gdmFsdWUgcmFua2luZ3MuIFdlIHdpbGwgc2VlIGluIHRoZQpleHBlcmltZW50cyB0aGF0IHRoaXMg
% c2ltcGxlIGlkZWEgeWllbGRzIHRoZSBiZXN0IHJlc3VsdHMgaW4gbWFueQpzaXR1YXRpb25zLlxmb290
% bm90ZXt7XGNpdGVwe2xpX3JvYnVzdF8yMDIzfX0gcmVjZW50bHkgZXh0ZW5kZWQgREIgdG8Ke1x0bWVt
% e3dlaWdodGVkfX0gQmFuemhhZiB2YWx1ZXMsIGJ1dCB3ZSB3ZXJlIG5vdCBhYmxlIHRvIGluY2x1ZGUg
% dGhpcyBtZXRob2QKaW4gb3VyIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzLn17XGV0bXsxM319Cgp7XGJ0bXsxNH19RnVydGhl
% ciBsaW5lcyBvZiB3b3JrIHRhY2tsZSB0aGUgZXhwb25lbnRpYWwgY29tcGxleGl0eSBieSBsZWFybmlu
% ZyBhIG1vZGVsCmZvciB0aGUgdXRpbGl0eSBhZnRlciBhIGZldyBldmFsdWF0aW9ucyAoe1xjaXRlcHt3
% YW5nX2ltcHJvdmluZ18yMDIyfX0pLCBvciBieQpyZXBsYWNpbmcgdGhlIHZhbHVlcyB3aXRoIGEgcHJv
% eHkgbW9kZWwgYWx0b2dldGhlcgp7XGNpdGVwe2ppYV9zY2FsYWJpbGl0eV8yMDIxfX0uIEFsdGVybmF0
% aXZlIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgYXZvaWQgdGhlIGNvc3Qgb2YgZ2FtZQpzb2x1dGlvbiBjb25jZXB0cyBhbHRv
% Z2V0aGVyLCBsaWtlIHtcdG1uYW1le0RhdGEtT09CfX0Ke1xjaXRlcHtrd29uX2RhdGFvb2JfMjAyM319
% IHdoaWNoIHVzZXMgdGhlIG91dC1vZi1iYWcgZXJyb3IgZXN0aW1hdGUgb2YgYQpiYWdnaW5nIG1vZGVs
% LiBSZWZvcm11bGF0aW9ucyBvZiBTaGFwbGV5IGxpa2UgQU1FIHtcY2l0ZXB7bGluX21lYXN1cmluZ18y
% MDIyfX0KdXNlIG9mZi10aGUtc2hlbGYgbW9kZWxzIGxpa2Uge1x0bW5hbWV7TGFzc299fSB0byBsb29r
% IGZvciBzcGFyc2Ugc29sdXRpb25zCndpdGggbWFueSBwb2ludHMgYmVpbmcgYXNzaWduZWQgemVybyB2
% YWx1ZSwgc2luY2Ugb25lIGlzIHR5cGljYWxseSBpbnRlcmVzdGVkCmluIHRoZSBleHRyZW1lIHNpdHVh
% dGlvbnMuXGZvb3Rub3Rle3tcYnRtezE0LDEzLDAsMH19VGhpcyBpcyBieSBmYXIgbm90IGFuIGV4aGF1
% c3RpdmUgbGlzdCwgYnV0CndlIHdhbnQgdG8gcmVzdHJpY3Qgb3Vyc2VsdmVzIG1vc3RseSB0byBtZXRo
% b2RzIHdlIGRpc2N1c3Mue1xldG17MTQsMTMsMCwwfX19e1xldG17MTR9fQoKe1xidG17MTV9fUluIHRo
% aXMgY29udGV4dCwge1x0bW5hbWV7Q1MtU2hhcGxleX19IHtcY2l0ZXB7c2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8y
% MDIyfX0gKENTIGluCnRoZSBzZXF1ZWwpIGFwcGVhcnMgYXMgYSB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kIGJhc2Vk
% IG9uIFNoYXBsZXkgdmFsdWVzIGV4Y2x1c2l2ZWx5CmRlc2lnbmVkIGZvciBjbGFzc2lmaWNhdGlvbiBw
% cm9ibGVtcywgYW5kIGF3YXJlIG9mIHRoZSBpbi1jbGFzcyBhbmQKb3V0LW9mLWNsYXNzIGltcGFjdCBv
% ZiB0cmFpbmluZyBwb2ludHMuIFRoZSBjb3JlIG9ic2VydmF0aW9uIG1vdGl2YXRpbmcgdGhlCndvcmsg
% KFxDcmVme2NsYWltOmRldHJpbWVudGFsLXBvaW50c30pIGlzIHRoYXQgbWlzbGFiZWxlZCBwb2ludHMg
% Y2FuCnNpbXVsdGFuZW91c2x5IGltcHJvdmUgb3ZlcmFsbCBhY2N1cmFjeSAodGhlIHV0aWxpdHkpLCB3
% aGlsZSBiZWluZyBkZXRyaW1lbnRhbApmb3IgdGhlIG1vZGVsJ3MgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugb24gdGhlIGNs
% YXNzIHRoZXkgYWN0dWFsbHkgYmVsb25nIHRvLiBUaGUgYXV0aG9ycwpwcm9wb3NlIHRoYXQgYSBiZXR0
% ZXIgZGVmaW5pdGlvbiBvZiB2YWx1ZSBzaG91bGQgYWNjb3VudCBmb3IgdGhpcyBwaGVub21lbm9uLAph
% bmQgaW50cm9kdWNlIGEgbm92ZWwgdXRpbGl0eSBcQ3JlZntlcTpjd3Mtc2NvcmVyfSB3aGljaCBjb25z
% aWRlcnMgdGhlCnBvc2l0aXZlIG9yIG5lZ2F0aXZlIGltcGFjdCBhIGRhdHVtIGhhcyB3aXRoaW4gaXRz
% IGNsYXNzIGFuZCBvdXRzaWRlIGl0LntcZXRtezE1fX0KCntcYnRtezE2fX1UbyBkZWZpbmUgQ1MsIGZp
% eCAkXHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kgPSAoXHRtbWF0aGJme3h9X2ksIFx0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pKSBcaW4gVCQK
% YW5kIHNwbGl0IHRoZSB2YWx1YXRpb24gZGF0YSBpbnRvICREX3tcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kLCB0aGUg
% ZGF0YSB3aXRoIHRoZSBzYW1lCmxhYmVsIGFzICRcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eH1faSQsIGFuZCBpdHMgY29tcGxl
% bWVudCAkRF97LVx0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSBcYXNzaWduCkRcYmFja3NsYXNoIERfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5
% fV9pfSQuIEFuYWxvZ291c2x5LCAkVCA9IFRfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSBcdXBsdXMKVF97LVx0bW1h
% dGhiZnt5fV9pfSQgaXMgYSBwYXJ0aXRpb24gaW50byB0aGUgc3Vic2V0cyBvZiBhbGwgdHJhaW5pbmcg
% ZGF0YSB3aXRoCnRoZSBzYW1lIGFuZCBkaWZmZXJlbnQgY2xhc3MgdGhhbiAkXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2kk
% LCByZXNwZWN0aXZlbHkuIFRyYWluZWQgb3ZlcgphbnkgJFMgXHN1YnNldGVxIFQkIHRoZSBtb2RlbCBo
% YXMge1x0bWRmbntpbi1jbGFzcyBhY2N1cmFjeX19OiBcZm9vdG5vdGV7e1xidG17MTYsMTcsMCwwfX1X
% ZQpmb2xsb3cgdGhlIG5vdGF0aW9uIG9mIHtcY2l0ZXB7c2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyfX0sIGJ1
% dCBvYnNlcnZlIHRoYXQgdGhlCnN1Yi1pbmRleCBpbiAkYV9TJCBpcyBhIHZhcmlhYmxlLiBBIG1vcmUg
% b2J2aW91cyBub3RhdGlvbiB3b3VsZCBiZSAkYSAoUywKRF97XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9KSQue1xldG17
% MTYsMTcsMCwwfX19ICRhX1MgIChEX3tcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0pIFxhc3NpZ24gXGxlZnQoIFx0ZXh0
% e1wjCmNvcnJlY3QgcHJlZGljdGlvbnMgb3ZlciB9IERfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSBccmlnaHQpIC8g
% fER8JCwgYW5kCntcdG1kZm57b3V0LW9mLWNsYXNzIGFjY3VyYWN5fX06ICRhX1MgIChEX3stXHRtbWF0
% aGJme3l9X2l9KSBcYXNzaWduIChcdGV4dHtcIwpjb3JyZWN0IHByZWRpY3Rpb25zIG92ZXIgfSBEX3st
% XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9KSAvIHxEfCQuIEdpdmVuIGFuIGFyYml0cmFyeSBzZXQKJFNfey1cdG1tYXRo
% YmZ7eX1faX0gXHN1YnNldGVxIFRfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kLCB0aGUge1x0bWRmbntjb25kaXRp
% b25hbAp1dGlsaXR5fX0gY29uZGl0aW9uZWQgb24gJFNfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kIGlzIGRlZmlu
% ZWQgZm9yIGV2ZXJ5CiRTX3tcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0gXHN1YnNldGVxIFRfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9p
% fSQgYXM6e1xldG17MTZ9fQp7XGJ0bXsxN319XGJlZ2lue2VxdWF0aW9ufQogIHtcYnRtezE3LDAsMH19
% dSAoU197XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IHxTX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9KSBcYXNzaWduIGFfUyAKICAo
% RF97XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9KSBcbWF0aGVee2FfUyAgKERfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0pfSwKICBc
% bGFiZWx7ZXE6Y3dzLXNjb3Jlcn17XGV0bXsxNywwLDB9fQpcZW5ke2VxdWF0aW9ufXtcZXRtezE3fX0K
% e1xidG17MTh9fXdoZXJlIHdlIGRlZmluZSAkUyBcYXNzaWduIFNfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSBcY3Vw
% IFNfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kIGluCm9yZGVyIHRvIGNvbXB1dGUgdGhlIGFjY3VyYWNpZXMuXGZv
% b3Rub3Rle1RoZXJlIGlzIGEgcHJvYmxlbSB3aXRoIHRoZSBvcmlnaW5hbApub3RhdGlvbiBpbiB0aGUg
% cGFwZXI6IEluIHAuIDQgaXQgaXMgc3RhdGVkIHRoYXQgJFNfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kIGlzIHRo
% ZQpjb21wbGVtZW50IGluICRTJCBvZiAkU197XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9JCwgd2hpY2ggaXMgbm90IHdo
% YXQgaXMgaW50ZW5kZWQuCkluc3RlYWQgJFNfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kIGlzIGFuIGFyYml0cmFy
% eSBzdWJzZXQgb2YKJFRfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kLn0gQmVjYXVzZSBvZiB0aGlzIGZvcm0gYW5k
% ICRhX1MgKERfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSkgKwphX1MgKERfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0pIFxsZXFz
% bGFudCAxJCwgJGFfUyAgKERfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0pJCBpcwpjb250cm9sbGVkIGJ5ICRhX1Mg
% IChEX3tcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0pJCBpbiB0aGUgc2Vuc2UgdGhhdCB3aGVuIHRoZSBsYXR0ZXIgaXMK
% c21hbGwsIHRoZSBlZmZlY3Qgb2Ygb3V0LW9mLWNsYXNzIGFjY3VyYWN5IG9uICR1JCBpcyBuZWdsaWdp
% YmxlLCBjZi4Ke1xjaXRldGV4dHtcY2l0ZWFscHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9LCBGaWd1cmV+
% Mn19LiBJbiBwYXJ0aWN1bGFyLCBldmVuIGEKc21hbGwgaW4tY2xhc3MgYWNjdXJhY3kgbGVhZHMgdG8g
% Z3JlYXRlciB1dGlsaXR5IHRoYW4gcGVyZmVjdCBvdXQtb2YtY2xhc3MKYWNjdXJhY3ksIGNmLiB7XGNp
% dGV0ZXh0e1xjaXRlYWxwe3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn0sIFByb3BlcnR5fjEsIHAuIDV9fS4K
% XCBXaXRoIHRoZXNlIGluZ3JlZGllbnRzLCB7XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19IGRl
% ZmluZSB0aGUKe1x0bWRmbntjb25kaXRpb25hbCBDUy1TaGFwbGV5IHZhbHVlfX0gb2YgJFx0bW1hdGhi
% Znt6fV9pJCBnaXZlbgokU197LVx0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSQgYXM6e1xldG17MTh9fQp7XGJ0bXsxOX19
% XGJlZ2lue2VxdWF0aW9ufQogIHtcYnRtezE5LDAsMH19XHBoaSAoXHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kgfFNfey1c
% dG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0pIFxhc3NpZ24gXHN1bV97U197XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9CiAgXHN1YnNldGVx
% IFRfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSBcYmFja3NsYXNoIFx7XHRtbWF0aGJme3p9X2kgXH19IFxiaW5vbXt8
% CiAgVF97XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IHwgLSAxfXt8IFNfe1x0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSB8fV57LSAxfSAg
% W3UKICAoU197XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IFxjdXAgXHtcdG1tYXRoYmZ7en1faSBcfXxTX3stXHRtbWF0
% aGJme3l9X2l9KSAtIHUKICAoU197XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IHxTX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9KV0g
% LiBcbGFiZWx7ZXE6Y29uZGl0aW9uYWwtY3dzfXtcZXRtezE5LDAsMH19ClxlbmR7ZXF1YXRpb259e1xl
% dG17MTl9fQp7XGJ0bXsyMH19RmluYWxseSwgdGhlIHtcdG1kZm57Q1MtU2hhcGxleSB2YWx1ZX19IGlz
% IGFuIGF2ZXJhZ2Ugb3ZlciBhbGwgcG9zc2libGUKe1x0bWRmbntvdXQtb2YtY2xhc3MgZW52aXJvbm1l
% bnRzfX0gJFNfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kOntcZXRtezIwfX0Ke1xidG17MjF9fVxiZWdpbntlcXVh
% dGlvbn0KICB7XGJ0bXsyMSwwLDB9fXYgKFx0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pKSBcYXNzaWduIFxmcmFjezF9ezJe
% e3xUX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IHx9fSAKICBcc3VtX3tTX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IFxzdWJz
% ZXRlcSBUX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9fSBccGhpCiAgKFx0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pIHxTX3stXHRtbWF0
% aGJme3l9X2l9KSAuIFxsYWJlbHtlcTpjd3MtdmFsdWV9e1xldG17MjEsMCwwfX0KXGVuZHtlcXVhdGlv
% bn17XGV0bXsyMX19CntcYnRtezIyfX1JbiBwcmFjdGljZSwgdGhpcyBzdW0gaXMgYXBwcm94aW1hdGVk
% IGluIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGZhc2hpb24gd2l0aCBhIGZldwpodW5kcmVkICRTX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9
% X2l9JC4gRm9yIGVhY2ggJFNfey1cdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0kLCBzYW1wbGluZyBvZiB0aGUKJFNfe1x0
% bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSBcc3Vic2V0ZXEgVF97XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9IFxiYWNrc2xhc2ggXHtcdG1t
% YXRoYmZ7en1faQpcfSQgaXMgbm90IGRvbmUgZnJvbSB0aGUgcG93ZXJzZXQgYXMgc3VnZ2VzdGVkIGJ5
% IFxDcmVme2VxOmNvbmRpdGlvbmFsLWN3c30sCmJ1dCBmb2xsb3dpbmcgdGhlIHBlcm11dGF0aW9uIGFw
% cHJvYWNoIGZpcnN0IHByb3Bvc2VkIGluCntcY2l0ZXB7Y2FzdHJvX3BvbHlub21pYWxfMjAwOX19LiBJ
% biB0aGUgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gb2YKe1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fSBhbmQg
% b3Vycywgb25lIHBlcm11dGF0aW9uIHBlciBzZXQgaXMgdXNlZC57XGV0bXsyMn19Cgp7XGJ0bXsyM319
% XHNlY3Rpb257U2NvcGUgb2YgdGhlIHJlcHJvZHVjdGlvbn17XGV0bXsyM319Cgp7XGJ0bXsyNH19SW4g
% dGhpcyByZXBvcnQsIHdlIHNldCB0byB2ZXJpZnkgdGhlIG1haW4gY2xhaW1zIG9mCntcY2l0ZXB7c2No
% b2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyfX0sIGluY29ycG9yYXRpbmcgdHdvIGFkZGl0aW9uYWwgbWV0aG9kczog
% TGVhc3QKQ29yZSAoe1xjaXRlcHt5YW5faWZfMjAyMX19KSBhbmQgREIgKHtcY2l0ZXB7d2FuZ19kYXRh
% XzIwMjJ9fSksIHdoaWNoIGxlZCB0bwpzb21lIHVuZXhwZWN0ZWQgcmVzdWx0cy4gVG8gdGhlIGJlc3Qg
% b2Ygb3VyIGtub3dsZWRnZSwgdGhpcyByZXByZXNlbnRzIHRoZQpmaXJzdCBkaXJlY3QgY29tcGFyaXNv
% biBvZiBEQiB3aXRoIG90aGVyIG1ldGhvZHMgaW4gdGhlIHRhc2tzIGRlc2NyaWJlZCBpbgpcQ3JlZntz
% ZWM6ZXZhbHVhdGlvbi1kYXRhLXZhbH0uIFRoaXMgd29yayBhbHNvIGV4dGVuZHMgdGhlIGV2YWx1YXRp
% b24gb2YgTEMKY29uZHVjdGVkIGluIHtcY2l0ZXB7eWFuX2lmXzIwMjF9fSBhbmQgcmVwbGljYXRlcyB0
% aGUgZmluZGluZ3Mgb2YKe1xjaXRlcHtiZW5tZXJ6b3VnX3JlXzIwMjN9fSBhY3Jvc3MgbWFueSBtb3Jl
% IGRhdGFzZXRzIGFuZCBzY2VuYXJpb3MuIEZpbmFsbHksCndlIHN0cml2ZSB0byBwcm92aWRlIG1vcmUg
% YWNjdXJhdGUgZXJyb3IgZXN0aW1hdGVzIGFuZCBpbmNsdWRlIGFkZGl0aW9uYWwKbWV0cmljcy57XGV0
% bXsyNH19Cgp7XGJ0bXsyNX19e1xjbGFpbXt7XGJ0bXsyNSwwLDB9fVxsYWJlbHtjbGFpbTpkZXRyaW1l
% bnRhbC1wb2ludHN9e1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fQpUcmFpbmluZyBwb2ludHMg
% Y2FuIGJlIHNpbXVsdGFuZW91c2x5IGJlbmVmaWNpYWwgZm9yIGF2ZXJhZ2UgYWNjdXJhY3ksIGFuZApk
% ZXRyaW1lbnRhbCBmb3IgaW4tY2xhc3MgYWNjdXJhY3kuIEEgdmFsdWF0aW9uIG1ldGhvZCBhY2NvdW50
% aW5nIGZvciB0aGlzCnNob3VsZCBwZXJmb3JtIGJldHRlciB0aGFuIG9uZSB0aGF0IGRvZXMgbm90Lntc
% ZXRtezI1LDAsMH19fX17XGV0bXsyNX19Cgp7XGJ0bXsyNn19VGhpcyBvYnNlcnZhdGlvbiBpcyBiYWNr
% ZWQgYnkge1xjaXRldGV4dHtcY2l0ZWFscHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9LApGaWd1cmV+MX19
% LCB1c2luZyBvbmUgcG9pbnQgYW5kIG9uZSBzZXQuIEhvdyBvZnRlbiBkb2VzIGl0IGhhcHBlbiB0aGF0
% IHRoZQptYXJnaW5hbCBnbG9iYWwgYWNjdXJhY3kgb2YgYSBkYXR1bSBpcyBwb3NpdGl2ZSwgYnV0IHRo
% ZSBtYXJnaW5hbCBpbi1jbGFzcwphY2N1cmFjeSBpcyBuZWdhdGl2ZSwgYW5kIHZpY2UgdmVyc2E/IEFu
% ZCwgaG93IGRvIHRoZXNlIHNpdHVhdGlvbnMgY29ycmVsYXRlCndpdGggYmV0dGVyIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNl
% IG9mIENTIHdydC4gb3RoZXIgbWV0aG9kcz8gV2UgYWRkcmVzcyB0aGVzZSBxdWVzdGlvbnMKaW4gXENy
% ZWZ7c2VjOmRhdGFzZXQtY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzfS57XGV0bXsyNn19Cgp7XGJ0bXsyN319e1xjbGFp
% bXt7XGJ0bXsyNywwLDB9fVxsYWJlbHtjbGFpbTpjcy1vdXRwZXJmb3Jtc317XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9j
% c3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19IENTIGlzCmdlbmVyYWxseSBiZXR0ZXIgc3VpdGVkIGZvciBjbGFzc2lmaWNh
% dGlvbiBwcm9ibGVtcy57XGV0bXsyNywwLDB9fX19e1xldG17Mjd9fQoKe1xidG17Mjh9fVdlIGZpbmQg
% dGhhdCBpdCBpcyBpbiBmYWN0IERCIHdoaWNoIG91dHBlcmZvcm1zIGFsbCBtZXRob2RzIGluIHRoZSBk
% ZXRlY3Rpb24Kb2YgaGlnaGx5IGluZmx1ZW50aWFsIHBvaW50cywgZXhjZXB0IGluIHRoZSBjYXNlIG9m
% IGhpZ2hseSBpbWJhbGFuY2VkIG11bHRpcGxlCmNsYXNzZXMsIGFsdGhvdWdoIGl0IGZhaWxzIHRvIGRv
% IHNvIGluIG5vaXNlIGRldGVjdGlvbi4gU2VlClxDcmVme3NlYzpldmFsdWF0aW9uLWRhdGEtdmFsfSBm
% b3IgYSBkZXNjcmlwdGlvbiBvZiB0aGVzZSB0YXNrcywgYW5kClxDcmVme3NlYzpoaWdoLXZhbHVlLHNl
% Yzpub2lzZS1kZXRlY3Rpb259IGZvciB0aGUgY29uY2x1c2lvbnMue1xldG17Mjh9fQoKe1xidG17Mjl9
% fXtcY2xhaW17e1xidG17MjksMCwwfX1cbGFiZWx7Y2xhaW06Y3MtdHJhbnNmZXJhYmlsaXR5fXtcY2l0
% ZXB7c2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyfX0gRGF0YQp2YWx1ZXMgY2FuIGJlIHN1Y2Nlc3NmdWxseSB0
% cmFuc2ZlcnJlZCBhY3Jvc3MgY2xhc3NpZmllcnMsIGluY2x1ZGluZyB0byBuZXVyYWwKbW9kZWxzLntc
% ZXRtezI5LDAsMH19fX17XGV0bXsyOX19Cgp7XGJ0bXszMH19V2UgcGFydGlhbGx5IHZlcmlmeSB0aGUg
% Y2xhaW0gZm9yIG9uZSBzY2VuYXJpbyBpbiBcQ3JlZntzZWM6dmFsdWUtdHJhbnNmZXJ9LApidXQgb2Jz
% ZXJ2ZSB0aGF0IHRoZSBzaWduYWwgaXMgcmF0aGVyIHNtYWxsLCBpZiBhdCBhbGwgcHJlc2VudCBpbiBt
% YW55IGNhc2VzLgpVc2luZyBhIHNlY29uZCB0YXJnZXQgY2xhc3NpZmllciwgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZSBhbiBh
% bG1vc3QgY29tcGxldGUgZmFpbHVyZSB0bwp0cmFuc2ZlciB2YWx1ZXMuIFRoaXMgZG9lcyBub3QgY29y
% cmVsYXRlIHdpdGggYW55IG9idmlvdXMgY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWMgb2YKdGhlIGRhdGEsIGxpa2UgY2xh
% c3MgaW1iYWxhbmNlIG9yIHRoZSBwcmV2YWxlbmNlIG9mIHRoZSBwcm9wZXJ0eSBkZXNjcmliZWQgaW4K
% XENyZWZ7Y2xhaW06ZGV0cmltZW50YWwtcG9pbnRzfSwgbGVhdmluZyBvcGVuIGZvciBhIHByYWN0aXRp
% b25lciB0aGUKZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgcXVlc3Rpb24gb2Ygd2hhdCBzb3VyY2UgbW9kZWwgdG8gdXNlIGZv
% ciB2YWx1ZSB0cmFuc2ZlciBmb3IgYQpwYXJ0aWN1bGFyIGRhdGFzZXQue1xldG17MzB9fQoKe1xidG17
% MzF9fUFkZGl0aW9uYWxseSwgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZSB0aGUgZm9sbG93aW5nICh0aGVzZSBjbGFpbXMgYXJl
% IG91ciBvd24pOntcZXRtezMxfX0KCntcYnRtezMyfX17XGNsYWlte3tcYnRtezMyLDAsMH19VW5kZXIg
% ZnVsbCByYW5kb21uZXNzIG9mIGRhdGEgc2FtcGxpbmcsIHN1YnNldCBzYW1wbGluZywgYW5kIHRyYWlu
% aW5nCm1ldGhvZCwgQ1MgdGVuZHMgdG8gZXhoaWJpdCBoaWdoZXIgdmFyaWFuY2UgdGhhbiBtb3N0IG90
% aGVyIG1ldGhvZHMgaW4gdGhlCnBvaW50IHJlbW92YWwgdGFzay57XGV0bXszMiwwLDB9fX19e1xldG17
% MzJ9fQoKe1xidG17MzN9fVdoZW4gd2UgcmVzYW1wbGUgdGhlIGRhdGFzZXRzIGZvciBlYWNoIGV4cGVy
% aW1lbnQgcnVuLCB3ZSBub3RlIHRoYXQgdGhlCmJlaGF2aW91ciBvZiBDUyBpcyBtb3JlIHN0cm9uZ2x5
% IGFmZmVjdGVkIGJ5IHRoZSB0cmFpbmluZyAvIHZhbHVhdGlvbiAvIHRlc3QKc3BsaXQgdGhhbiBvdGhl
% ciBtZXRob2RzLiBUaGlzIGlzIG9mIHJlbGV2YW5jZSBzaW5jZSBpbiBwcmFjdGljZSwKY3Jvc3MtdmFs
% aWRhdGlvbiBvZiB2YWx1ZXMgaXMgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbGx5IHByb2hpYml0aXZlLiBOZXZlcnRoZWxl
% c3MsIHdlCm9ic2VydmVkIHRoYXQgdGhlIGdlbmVyYWwgdHJlbmRzIHdlcmUgcmVzcGVjdGVkIGFjcm9z
% cyBzcGxpdHMue1xldG17MzN9fQoKe1xidG17MzR9fXtcY2xhaW17e1xidG17MzQsMCwwfX1VbmRlciBz
% aW1pbGFyIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgYnVkZ2V0cywgREIgaXMgcHJlZmVyYWJsZSB0byBhbGwgb3RoZXIK
% bWV0aG9kcyBmb3IgdGhlIGlkZW50aWZpY2F0aW9uIG9mIGhpZ2hseSBpbmZsdWVudGlhbCBwb2ludHMs
% IHdoaWxlIENTIGlzIGZvcgp0aGUgZGV0ZWN0aW9uIG9mIGNvcnJ1cHRlZCBvbmVzLntcZXRtezM0LDAs
% MH19fX17XGV0bXszNH19Cgp7XGJ0bXszNX19V2Ugc3Vic3RhbnRpYXRlIHRoaXMgaW4gXENyZWZ7c2Vj
% OmhpZ2gtdmFsdWV9IGFuZCBcQ3JlZntzZWM6bm9pc2UtZGV0ZWN0aW9ufS57XGV0bXszNX19Cgp7XGJ0
% bXszNn19e1xjbGFpbXt7XGJ0bXszNiwwLDB9fUEgbW9kaWZpZWQgdmVyc2lvbiBvZiB0aGUgbWV0cmlj
% IFdBRCAoY2YuClxDcmVme3NlYzpldmFsdWF0aW9uLWRhdGEtdmFsfSkgaXMgYmV0dGVyIHN1aXRlZCBm
% b3IgcXVhbnRpdGF0aXZlIGNvbXBhcmlzb24Kb2YgdmFsdWF0aW9uIG1ldGhvZHMue1xldG17MzYsMCww
% fX19fXtcZXRtezM2fX0KCntcYnRtezM3fX1XZSBhZGRyZXNzIHRoaXMgaW4gXENyZWZ7c2VjOndhZH0u
% e1xldG17Mzd9fQoKe1xidG17Mzh9fVxzZWN0aW9ue01ldGhvZG9sb2d5fXtcZXRtezM4fX0KCntcYnRt
% ezM5fX1XZSBydW4gYWxsIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzIG9uIHRoZSBzYW1lIGRhdGFzZXRzIGFuZCBtb2RlbHMg
% YXMKe1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fSwgYWRkaW5nIHR3byBuZXcgdmFsdWF0aW9u
% IG1ldGhvZHMuIERldGFpbHMgb2YKdGhlIGRhdGFzZXRzLCBhbmQgcGFyYW1ldGVycyBvZiB0aGUgY2xh
% c3NpZmllcnMgYW5kIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2RzIGZvbGxvdy57XGV0bXszOX19Cgp7XGJ0bXs0MH19
% XHN1YnNlY3Rpb257RGF0YXNldHN9e1xldG17NDB9fQoKe1xidG17NDF9fURhdGFzZXRzIGFyZSBmcm9t
% IHtcdG1uYW1le29wZW5tbH19ICh7XGNpdGVwe3ZhbnNjaG9yZW5fb3Blbm1sXzIwMTN9fSkuIEFsbApi
% dXQge1x0bW5hbWV7Q292ZXJ0eXBlfX0gYW5kIHtcdG1uYW1le01OSVNULW11bHRpfX0gYXJlIGZvciBi
% aW5hcnkKY2xhc3NpZmljYXRpb24uIFN0cmF0aWZpZWQgc2FtcGxpbmcgd2FzIHVzZWQgZm9yIHRoZSBz
% cGxpdHMgdG8gbWFpbnRhaW4gbGFiZWwKZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uLiBJbWFnZSBkYXRhc2V0cyB1bmRlcndl
% bnQgZmVhdHVyZSBleHRyYWN0aW9uIHVzaW5nCntcdG1uYW1le1Jlc05ldC0xOH19LCB0aGVuIGRpbWVu
% c2lvbmFsaXR5IHJlZHVjdGlvbiB1c2luZyAzMiBQQ0EgY29tcG9uZW50cy57XGV0bXs0MX19Cgp7XGJ0
% bXs0Mn19XGJlZ2lue3RhYmxlfVtoXQogIFxiZWdpbnt0YWJ1bGFyfXtyY2NjY2NjY30KICAgIERhdGFz
% ZXQgJiBUeXBlICYgRmVhdHVyZXMgJiBJbnN0YW5jZXMgJiBcJXBvc2l0aXZlICYgVHJhaW5pbmcgJiBW
% YWx1YXRpb24KICAgICYgVGVzdFxcCiAgICBcaGxpbmUKICAgIERpYWJldGVzICYgdGFidWxhciAmIDgg
% JiA3NjggJiA2NS4xICYgMTI4ICYgMTI4ICYgNTEyXFwKICAgIENsaWNrICYgdGFidWxhciAmIDlcdG1y
% c3VweyRcc3RhciR9ICYgMzAwMCAmIDk1LjUgJiA1MDAgJiA1MDAgJiAyMDAwXFwKICAgIENvdmVydHlw
% ZSAmIHRhYnVsYXIgJiA1NCAmIDMwMDAgJiAoJFxuYXR1cmFsJCkgJiA1MDAgJiA1MDAgJiAyMDAwXFwK
% ICAgIENQVVx0bXJzdXB7JFxkYWdnZXIkfSAmIHRhYnVsYXIgJiAyMSAmIDMwMDAgJiA0Ni43ICYgNTAw
% ICYgNTAwICYgMjAwMFxcCiAgICBQaG9uZW1lICYgdGFidWxhciAmIDUgJiAzMDAwICYgNzAuNiAmIDUw
% MCAmIDUwMCAmIDIwMDBcXAogICAgRk1OSVNUXHRtcnN1cHskXGRhZ2dlciBcZGFnZ2VyJH0gJiBpbWFn
% ZSAmIDMyICYgMzAwMCAmIDUwICYgNTAwICYgNTAwICYKICAgIDIwMDBcXAogICAgQ0lGQVIxMFx0bXJz
% dXB7JFxkYWdnZXIgXGRhZ2dlciBcZGFnZ2VyJH0gJiBpbWFnZSAmIDMyICYgMzAwMCAmIDUwICYgNTAw
% ICYKICAgIDUwMCAmIDIwMDBcXAogICAgTU5JU1QtYmluYXJ5XHRtcnN1cHskXGRhZ2dlciBcZGFnZ2Vy
% IFxkYWdnZXIgXGRhZ2dlciR9ICYgaW1hZ2UgJiAzMiAmIDMwMDAKICAgICYgNTEuOSAmIDUwMCAmIDUw
% MCAmIDIwMDBcXAogICAgTU5JU1QtbXVsdGkgJiBpbWFnZSAmIDMyICYgMzAwMCAmICgkXG5hdHVyYWwg
% XG5hdHVyYWwkKSAmIDUwMCAmIDUwMCAmIDIwMDAKICBcZW5ke3RhYnVsYXJ9CiAgXGNhcHRpb257e1xi
% dG17NDIsMSwwfX1EYXRhc2V0cyB1c2VkLiAoJFxzdGFyJCkgMTEgZmVhdHVyZXMgZGVjbGFyZWQgb25s
% aW5lLCBidXQgOQogIGVmZmVjdGl2ZSBhZnRlciBmZXRjaGluZyB1c2luZyB0aGUgb3Blbm1sIGxpYnJh
% cnkuICgkXGRhZ2dlciQpIENQVSBpcwogIG9yaWdpbmFsbHkgYSByZWdyZXNzaW9uIGRhdGFzZXQsIGJp
% bmFyaXplZCB1c2luZyB0aGUgdGhyZXNob2xkIDg5LiAoJFxkYWdnZXIKICBcZGFnZ2VyJCkgRk1OSVNU
% IGlzIHJlc3RyaWN0ZWQgdG8gdGhlIGNsYXNzZXMgYGB0LXNoaXJ0IGFuZCB0b3BzJycgdnMKICBgYHNo
% aXJ0cycnLiAoJFxkYWdnZXIgXGRhZ2dlciBcZGFnZ2VyJCkgQ0lGQVIxMCBpcyByZXN0cmljdGVkIHRv
% IHRoZSBjbGFzc2VzCiAgYGBhdXRvbW9iaWxlJycgdnMgYGB0cnVjaycnLiAoJFxkYWdnZXIgXGRhZ2dl
% ciBcZGFnZ2VyIFxkYWdnZXIkKQogIE1OSVNULWJpbmFyeSBpcyBNTklTVCByZXN0cmljdGVkIHRvIHRo
% ZSBjbGFzc2VzIGBgMScnIHZzIGBgNycnLiAoJFxuYXR1cmFsJCkKICBDb3ZlcnR5cGUgaXMgaGlnaGx5
% IGltYmFsYW5jZWQgd2l0aCA3IGNsYXNzZXMgd2l0aCBmcmVxdWVuY2llcyAzNi41XCUgLwogIDQ4Ljhc
% JSAvIDYuMlwlIC8gMC41XCUgLyAxLjZcJSAvIDNcJSAvIDMuNVwlLiAoJFxuYXR1cmFsIFxuYXR1cmFs
% JCkKICBNTklTVC1tdWx0aSBoYXMgMTAgY2xhc3NlcyB3aXRoIGFsbW9zdCBlcXVhbCBmcmVxdWVuY2ll
% cy57XGV0bXs0MiwxLDB9fX0KXGVuZHt0YWJsZX17XGV0bXs0Mn19Cgp7XGJ0bXs0M319XHN1YnNlY3Rp
% b257VmFsdWF0aW9uIG1ldGhvZHMgdGVzdGVkfXtcZXRtezQzfX0KCntcYnRtezQ0fX1QYXJhbWV0ZXJz
% IGZvciBhbGwgbWV0aG9kcyB3ZXJlIHRha2VuIGFzIHN1Z2dlc3RlZCBpbgp7XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9j
% c3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19IG9yIHRoZSBjb3JyZXNwb25kaW5nIHBhcGVycy4gQ29udmVyZ2VuY2UKY3Jp
% dGVyaWEgZm9yIHRoZSBtZXRob2RzIHdlcmUga2VwdCBhcyBjb25zaXN0ZW50IGFzIHBvc3NpYmxlIGJ5
% IHN0b3BwaW5nCmNvbXB1dGF0aW9uIGFmdGVyIHRoZSB2YWx1ZSBmb3IgZXZlcnkgdHJhaW5pbmcgcG9p
% bnQgaGFkIGJlZW4gdXBkYXRlZCBhdCBsZWFzdAphIGZpeGVkIGFtb3VudCBvZiB0aW1lcy57XGV0bXs0
% NH19Cgp7XGJ0bXs0NX19XGJlZ2lue3RhYmxlfVtoXQogIFxiZWdpbnt0YWJ1bGFyfXtsbGxsfQogICAg
% e1xjb2xvcltIVE1MXXswMDAwMDB9fU1ldGhvZCAmIENvbnZlcmdlbmNlIGNyaXQuICYgVXRpbGl0eSBl
% dmFsdWF0aW9ucyAmCiAgICBQYXJhbWV0ZXJzXFwKICAgIFxobGluZQogICAgTE9PICYgTkFcdG1yc3Vw
% eyRcZGFnZ2VyJH0gJiAkfCBUIHwgKyAxJCAmIE5BXFwKICAgIFRNQ1MgKHtcY2l0ZXB7Z2hvcmJhbmlf
% ZGF0YV8yMDE5fX0pICYge1xzbWFsbHt7XHB5dGhvbntNaW5VcGRhdGVzPjUwMH19fX0KICAgICYgJFxz
% aW0gSyB8IFQgfCQgJiAkXHZhcmVwc2lsb24gPSAxMF57LSA0fSRcXAogICAgQmV0YVNoYXAgKHtcY2l0
% ZXB7a3dvbl9iZXRhXzIwMjJ9fSkgJiB7XHNtYWxse3tccHl0aG9ue01pblVwZGF0ZXM+NTAwfX19fQog
% ICAgJiAkXHNpbSBLIHwgVCB8JCAmICRcYWxwaGEgPSAxNiwgXGJldGEgPSAxJFxcCiAgICBDUy1TaGFw
% bGV5ICh7XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19KSAmCiAgICB7XHNtYWxse3tccHl0aG9u
% e01pblVwZGF0ZXM+NTAwfX19fSAmICRcc2ltIFJLIHwgVCB8IC8gMiRcdG1yc3VweyRcZGFnZ2VyCiAg
% ICBcZGFnZ2VyJH0gJiAkXHZhcmVwc2lsb24gPSAxMF57LSA0fSwgSyA9IDEkXFwKICAgIERhdGEgQmFu
% emhhZiAoe1xjaXRlcHt3YW5nX2RhdGFfMjAyMn19KSAmCiAgICB7XHNtYWxse3tccHl0aG9ue01pblVw
% ZGF0ZXM+NTAwfX19fSAmICRcc2ltIEsgfCBUIHwkICYgXFwKICAgIExlYXN0IENvcmUgKHtcY2l0ZXB7
% eWFuX2lmXzIwMjF9fSkgJiBOQSAmICRcc2ltIEskICYgJEsgPSA1MDAwJAogICAgY29uc3RyYWludHMK
% ICBcZW5ke3RhYnVsYXJ9CiAgXGNhcHRpb257TWV0aG9kcyBldmFsdWF0ZWQuIENvbnZlcmdlbmNlIGNy
% aXRlcmlhIGFzIHByb3ZpZGVkIGJ5CiAge1x0bW5hbWV7cHlEVkx9fSAoe1xjaXRlcHt0cmFuc2Zlcmxh
% Yl9weWR2bF8yMDIyfX0pLiBTZWUgdGhlIHRleHQgZm9yCiAgZGV0YWlscyBvbiBlYWNoIG1ldGhvZC4g
% KCRcZGFnZ2VyJCkgYGBOQScnID0gTm90IEFwcGxpY2FibGUuICgkXGRhZ2dlcgogIFxkYWdnZXIkKSAk
% fCBUIHwgLyAyJCBpcyB0aGUgZXhwZWN0ZWQgc2l6ZSBvZiBhIHNldCAkU197LVx0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9p
% fSQKICBzYW1wbGVkIGZyb20gJDJeVCQsIGFuZCBoZW5jZSBvZiBpdHMgY29tcGxlbWVudC4gJEskIGlz
% IHRoZSBudW1iZXIgb2YKICBzYW1wbGVzIHRha2VuLCBpLmUuIG9mIHBlcm11dGF0aW9ucyBmb3IgYWxs
% IG1ldGhvZHMsIGV4Y2VwdCBmb3IgTGVhc3QgQ29yZSwKICB3aGVyZSB3ZSBzYW1wbGUgZnJvbSB0aGUg
% cG93ZXJzZXQuIEZvciBDUy1TaGFwbGV5LCAkUiQgaXMgdGhlIG51bWJlciBvZgogIGNvbnRleHQgc2Ft
% cGxlcyAkU197LVx0bW1hdGhiZnt5fV9pfSQufQpcZW5ke3RhYmxlfXtcZXRtezQ1fX0KCntcYnRtezQ2
% fX1ccGFyYWdyYXBoe0xlYXZlLU9uZS1PdXQ6fUJhc2VsaW5lLCBubyBwYXJhbWV0ZXJzLiBWYWx1ZXMg
% Z2l2ZW4gYnkKXENyZWZ7ZXE6bG9vfS57XGV0bXs0Nn19Cgp7XGJ0bXs0N319XHBhcmFncmFwaHtUcnVu
% Y2F0ZWQgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8gU2hhcGxleSwgVE1DUwooe1xjaXRlcHtnaG9yYmFuaV9kYXRhXzIwMTl9
% fSk6fVRoaXMgd2FzIHRoZSBmaXJzdCBlZmZpY2llbnQgU2hhcGxleS1iYXNlZAptZXRob2QgYW5kIHJl
% bWFpbnMgb25lIG9mIHRoZSBtb3N0IGVmZmVjdGl2ZSBhcHByb3hpbWF0aW9ucy4gSXQgaXRlcmF0ZXMg
% b3ZlcgpwZXJtdXRhdGlvbnMgb2YgdGhlIGluZGV4IHNldCBvZiAkVCQgdG8gcmVkdWNlIHZhcmlhbmNl
% IG9mIHRoZSBNb250ZSBDYXJsbwplc3RpbWF0ZSwgYW5kIGhldXJpc3RpYyBzdG9wcGluZyB0byByZWR1
% Y2UgY29tcHV0YXRpb24uIEZvciBldmVyeSBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbiwKbWFyZ2luYWwgdXRpbGl0aWVzIGFy
% ZSBjYWxjdWxhdGVkIGluY3JlbWVudGFsbHkgdXNpbmcgdGhlIG5leHQgaW5kZXggaW4gdGhlCnBlcm11
% dGF0aW9uLiBUaGUgcHJvY2VzcyBpcyBzdG9wcGVkIGVhcmx5IGZvciBhIHBlcm11dGF0aW9uIHdoZW4g
% dGhlIHJlbGF0aXZlCmNoYW5nZSBpbiBtYXJnaW5hbCB1dGlsaXR5IGlzIGJlbG93IGEgdGhyZXNob2xk
% ICRcdmFyZXBzaWxvbiQue1xldG17NDd9fQoKe1xidG17NDh9fVxwYXJhZ3JhcGh7QmV0YSBTaGFwbGV5
% LCBCUyAoe1xjaXRlcHtrd29uX2JldGFfMjAyMn19KTp9QSBzZW1pLXZhbHVlIGFwcHJvYWNoCmxpa2Ug
% VE1DUywgd2hlcmUgdGhlIHdlaWdodHMgZm9yIHRoZSBtYXJnaW5hbCB1dGlsaXRpZXMgYXJlIGRlZmlu
% ZWQgdXNpbmcgYQpCZXRhIGZ1bmN0aW9uLiBGb3IgdGhlIHBhcmFtZXRlcnMgd2UgdXNlIHRoZSBiZXN0
% IHZhbHVlcyBhY2NvcmRpbmcgdG8gdGhlCnBhcGVyLCAkXGFscGhhID0gMTYkIGFuZCAkXGJldGEgPSAx
% JC57XGV0bXs0OH19Cgp7XGJ0bXs0OX19XHBhcmFncmFwaHtDUy1TaGFwbGV5LCBDUyAoe1xjaXRlcHtz
% Y2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fSk6fVRoZSBrZXkgcGFyYW1ldGVyCm1lbnRpb25lZCBpbiB0aGUg
% cGFwZXIgaXMgdGhlIG51bWJlciAkUiQgb2YgY29udGV4dCBzYW1wbGVzCiRTX3stXHRtbWF0aGJme3l9
% X2l9JCwgd2hpY2ggd2UgbWltaWMgd2l0aCB7XHNtYWxse3tccHl0aG9ue01pblVwZGF0ZXN9fX19LgpG
% b3IgZWFjaCBvbmUgb2YgdGhlc2UsIG9uZSBwZXJtdXRhdGlvbiBvZiAkU197XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9
% JCBpcyB1c2VkLgpBZGRpdGlvbmFsbHksIGEgdGhyZXNob2xkIGlzIHVzZWQgdG8gY29tcGFyZSB0aGUg
% YWJzb2x1dGUgZGlmZmVyZW5jZSBiZXR3ZWVuCnZhbHVlIGVzdGltYXRlcyBhbmQgdXBkYXRlIHRoZSB2
% YWx1ZXMuIEZpbmFsbHksIHRoZXJlIGFyZSB0d28gbWlub3IgdmFyaWFudHMKb2YgdGhlIGFsZ29yaXRo
% bSBub3QgZGV0YWlsZWQgaW4gdGhlIHBhcGVyLiBUaGVpciBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBkb2VzIG5vdApj
% b25kaXRpb24gb24gc2V0cyAkUyQgd2l0aCAkfCBTIHwgPCBjIC0gMSQsIHdoZXJlICRjJCBpcyB0aGUg
% bnVtYmVyIG9mCmNsYXNzZXMsIHdoaWNoIGZvciBiaW5hcnkgcHJvYmxlbXMgbWVhbnMgdGhhdCBvbmUg
% bmV2ZXIgY29uZGl0aW9ucyBvbiB0aGUKZW1wdHkgc2V0LiBXZSB1c2UgdGhlIGRlZmF1bHQgaW4ge1x0
% bW5hbWV7cHlEVkx9fSB3aGljaCBkb2VzIG5vdCBpbmNsdWRlIHRoaXMKcmVzdHJpY3Rpb24sIGhlbmNl
% IHNvbWV0aW1lcyBjb25kaXRpb25pbmcgb24gJFMgPSBcZW1wdHlzZXQkIGFuZCBzZXR0aW5nICR1Cihc
% ZW1wdHlzZXQgfFMpID0gdSAoUykkLiBXZSB0ZXN0ZWQgYm90aCB3aXRob3V0IG9ic2VydmluZyBtYWpv
% ciBkaWZmZXJlbmNlcy57XGV0bXs0OX19Cgp7XGJ0bXs1MH19XHBhcmFncmFwaHtEYXRhIEJhbnpoYWYs
% IERCICh7XGNpdGVwe3dhbmdfZGF0YV8yMDIyfX0pOn1BIHNlbWktdmFsdWUgYXBwcm9hY2gKd2l0aCBj
% b25zdGFudCB3ZWlnaHRzLiBUaGUgaWRlYSBpcyB0aGF0IGZvciBhbnkgcGFydGljdWxhciBjaG9pY2Ug
% b2Ygd2VpZ2h0cwp0aGVyZSB3aWxsIGFsd2F5cyBiZSBhIHV0aWxpdHkgZnVuY3Rpb24gZm9yIHdoaWNo
% IHRoZXkgcGVyZm9ybSBwb29ybHksIHRodXMKbWFraW5nIGEgY29uc3RhbnQgdGhlIGJlc3QgY2hvaWNl
% LiBJbiBwYXJ0aWN1bGFyIHdydC4gcmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHkgb2YgdGhlCm1ldGhvZHMsIHNlZSBcQ3Jl
% ZntmaWc6cmFuay1zdGFiaWxpdHl9LiBUaGUgcGFwZXIgaW50cm9kdWNlcyBhbiBlZmZpY2llbnQKc2Ft
% cGxpbmcgdGVjaG5pcXVlLCBkdWJiZWQgTWF4aW11bSBTYW1wbGUgUmV1c2UsIHdoaWNoIHdlIGRpZCBu
% b3QgdXNlLCBmb3IgdGhlCnNha2Ugb2YgYmV0dGVyIGNvbXBhcmlzb24uIFdlIGJlbGlldmUgdGhhdCBp
% dCBzaG91bGQgYmUgcGFydCBvZiBhIGZ1dHVyZQpiZW5jaG1hcmsue1xldG17NTB9fQoKe1xidG17NTF9
% fVxwYXJhZ3JhcGh7TGVhc3QtQ29yZSwgTEMgKHtcY2l0ZXB7eWFuX2lmXzIwMjF9fSk6fUFub3RoZXIg
% Z2FtZS10aGVvcmV0aWMKYXBwcm9hY2guIEl0IGNvbXB1dGVzIHZhbHVlcyB3aXRoIGEgc3RhYmlsaXR5
% IHByb3BlcnR5IGNhbGxlZAp7XHRtZGZue0NvYWxpdGlvbmFsIFJhdGlvbmFsaXR5fX0sIHdoaWNoIGVu
% c3VyZXMgKGluIHRoZSBleGFjdCBjYXNlKSB0aGF0CmV2ZXJ5IHN1YnNldCBpcyBhc3NpZ25lZCBhbiBh
% Z2dyZWdhdGUgdmFsdWUgYXQgbGVhc3QgYXMgbGFyZ2UgYXMgaXRzCnV0aWxpdHkuXGZvb3Rub3Rle3tc
% YnRtezUxLDQsMCwwfX1UaGlzIHByaW5jaXBsZSBndWFyYW50ZWVzIHRoYXQgZWFjaCBncm91cCBpcyBj
% b21wZW5zYXRlZAp3aXRoIGF0IGxlYXN0IHRoZSB2YWx1ZSBpdCBicmluZ3MgaW4gdGVybXMgb2YgdGhl
% IHNwZWNpZmllZCB1dGlsaXR5LiBUaGlzIGlzCmRlZW1lZCBwYXJ0aWN1bGFybHkgcmVsZXZhbnQgd2hl
% biBjb21wZW5zYXRpbmcgbXVsdGlwbGUgZGF0YSBwcm92aWRlcnM6IGFzIGEKcHVyY2hhc2VyLCBvbmUg
% d291bGQgc2VlayBhIHN5c3RlbSBvZiBjcmVkaXQgYWxsb2NhdGlvbiB0aGF0IG1vdGl2YXRlcyB0aGUK
% Y29udHJpYnV0aW9uIG9mIGRhdGEuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHdlIGRvIG5vdCBiZWxpZXZlIExDIG9yIFNoYXBs
% ZXktYmFzZWQgbWV0aG9kcwp0byBiZSByZWxldmFudCBpbiBkYXRhIG1hcmtldHMgZm9yIHByYWN0aWNh
% bCByZWFzb25zIGxpa2UgdGhlIHNjYXJjaXR5IG9mCmRhdGEsIHdoaWNoIHRyYW5zbGF0ZXMgaW50byBo
% aWdobHkgdW5zdGFibGUgYW5kIHBvdGVudGlhbCB1bmZhaXIgdmFsdWF0aW9ucywKYW5kIHRoZSBjb25j
% ZW50cmF0ZWQgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uIG9mIHZhbHVlcywgd2hpY2ggbWFrZSBub2lzZSBhIG1ham9yIGlz
% c3VlCihiZWNhdXNlIG9ubHkgdGhvc2UgYXQgdGhlIGV4dHJlbWEgYXJlIHNlcGFyYXRlZCBlbm91Z2gg
% dG8gYmUgcm9idXN0IGFnYWluc3QKcmFuZG9tbmVzcyBpbiB0aGUgdXRpbGl0eSwgY2YuIFxDcmVme2Zp
% Zzp2YWx1ZS1kZWNheX0pLntcZXRtezUxLDQsMCwwfX19IEdpdmVuIHRoZSBkaWZmZXJlbnQKbmF0dXJl
% IG9mIHRoZSBhbGdvcml0aG0sIHdoaWNoIHNvbHZlcyBhIGxpbmVhciBwcm9ncmFtIGFuZCBjYW5ub3Qg
% dXNlIHRoZSBzYW1lCmNvbnZlcmdlbmNlIGNyaXRlcmlhLCB3ZSBhcmJpdHJhcmlseSBjaG9vc2UgJEsg
% PSA1MDAwJCBjb25zdHJhaW50cyB0byBrZWVwCnJ1bi10aW1lIG1hbmFnZWFibGUuXGZvb3Rub3Rle3tc
% YnRtezUxLDgsMCwwfX1BIG5hdHVyYWwgY2hvaWNlIHdvdWxkIGJlICRLID0gMjUwMDAkCmNvbnN0cmFp
% bnRzLCBpbiBvcmRlciB0byBoYXZlIGEgc2ltaWxhciBudW1iZXIgb2YgZXZhbHVhdGlvbnMgdG8gQmV0
% YSBTaGFwbGV5LApUTUNTIGFuZCBEYXRhIEJhbnpoYWYuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHRoZSBzb2x2ZXJzIG9mdGVu
% IGZhaWxlZCB0byBjb252ZXJnZSBhbmQgd2UKaGFkIHRvIHJlZHVjZSB0aGUgbnVtYmVyIG9mIGNvbnN0
% cmFpbnRzLCBzZXR0bGluZyBpbiB0aGUgZW5kIGZvciA1MDAwLiBHaXZlbgp0aGF0IExDIHdhcyBub3Qg
% dGhlIGZvY3VzIG9mIHRoaXMgcmVwcm9kdWN0aW9uLCB3ZSBkZWNpZGVkIHRvIHBvc3Rwb25lCmludmVz
% dGlnYXRpb24gb2YgdGhpcyBpc3N1ZS57XGV0bXs1MSw4LDAsMH19fXtcZXRtezUxfX0KCntcYnRtezUy
% fX1cc3Vic2VjdGlvbntNb2RlbHMgZm9yIHZhbHVlIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9ufXtcZXRtezUyfX0KCntcYnRt
% ezUzfX1WYWx1ZXMgYXJlIGNvbXB1dGVkIHVzaW5nIGVhY2ggb2YgdGhlIG1vZGVscyBpbiBcQ3JlZnt0
% YWI6bW9kZWxzLWZvci12YWx1ZXN9CndpdGggdGhlIGdpdmVuIHBhcmFtZXRlciBjaG9pY2VzLntcZXRt
% ezUzfX0KCntcYnRtezU0fX1cYmVnaW57dGFibGV9W2hdCiAgXGJlZ2lue3RhYnVsYXJ9e2xsfQogICAg
% e1x0bXN0cm9uZ3tNb2RlbH19ICYge1x0bXN0cm9uZ3tDaGFuZ2VkIHBhcmFtZXRlcnN9fVxcCiAgICBc
% aGxpbmUKICAgIExvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24gJiB7XHNtYWxse3tccHl0aG9ue3NvbHZlcj0nbGli
% bGluZWFyJ319fX1cXAogICAgR3JhZGllbnQgQm9vc3RpbmcgY2xhc3NpZmllciAmIHtcc21hbGx7e1xw
% eXRob257blxfZXN0aW1hdG9ycz00MH19LAogICAge1xweXRob257bWluXF9zYW1wbGVzXF9sZWFmPTZ9
% fSwge1xweXRob257bWF4ZGVwdGg9Mn19fX1cXAogICAgSy1OZWFyZXN0IE5laWdoYm91cnMgJiB7XHNt
% YWxse3tccHl0aG9ue25cX25laWdoYm9ycz01fX0sCiAgICB7XHB5dGhvbnt3ZWlnaHRzPSd1bmlmb3Jt
% J319fX1cXAogICAgU1ZNICYge1xzbWFsbHt7XHB5dGhvbntrZXJuZWw9J3JiZid9fX19CiAgXGVuZHt0
% YWJ1bGFyfQogIFxjYXB0aW9ue3tcYnRtezU0LDEsMH19XGxhYmVse3RhYjptb2RlbHMtZm9yLXZhbHVl
% c31Nb2RlbHMgdXNlZCB0byBjb21wdXRlIHZhbHVlcyBhbmQKICBjaGFuZ2VzIG1hZGUgdG8gdGhlIGRl
% ZmF1bHQgcGFyYW1ldGVycyBpbiB7XHRtbmFtZXtzY2lraXQtbGVhcm59fSAxLjIuMi57XGV0bXs1NCwx
% LDB9fX0KXGVuZHt0YWJsZX17XGV0bXs1NH19Cgp7XGJ0bXs1NX19XHN1YnNlY3Rpb257VGFza3MgZm9y
% IHRoZSBldmFsdWF0aW9uIG9mIGRhdGEgdmFsdWF0aW9uCm1ldGhvZHN9XGxhYmVse3NlYzpldmFsdWF0
% aW9uLWRhdGEtdmFsfXtcZXRtezU1fX0KCntcYnRtezU2fX1EYXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBpcyBwYXJ0aWN1
% bGFybHkgdXNlZnVsIGZvciBkYXRhIHNlbGVjdGlvbiwgcHJ1bmluZyBhbmQKaW5zcGVjdGlvbiBpbiBn
% ZW5lcmFsLiBGb3IgdGhpcyByZWFzb24sIHRoZSBtb3N0IGNvbW1vbiBiZW5jaG1hcmtzIGFyZQp7XHRt
% ZGZue2RhdGEgcmVtb3ZhbH19IGFuZCB7XHRtZGZue25vaXN5IGxhYmVsIGRldGVjdGlvbn19LiBXZSBk
% ZXNjcmliZSB0aGVzZQphbmQgcmVsYXRlZCBvbmVzIGhlcmUsIGFuZCBwcmVzZW50IHRoZSByZXN1bHRz
% IGluIFxDcmVme3NlYzpyZXN1bHRzfS57XGV0bXs1Nn19Cgp7XGJ0bXs1N319XHBhcmFncmFwaHtIaWdo
% LXZhbHVlIHBvaW50IHJlbW92YWwufShcQ3JlZntzZWM6aGlnaC12YWx1ZX0pIEFmdGVyIGNvbXB1dGlu
% Zwp0aGUgdmFsdWVzIGZvciBhbGwgZGF0YSBpbiAkVCA9IFx7IFx0bW1hdGhiZnt6fV9pIDogaSA9IDEs
% IFxsZG90cywgbiBcfSQsIHRoZQpzZXQgaXMgc29ydGVkIGJ5IGRlY3JlYXNpbmcgdmFsdWUuIFdlIGRl
% bm90ZSBieSAkVF97W2kgOl19JCB0aGUgc29ydGVkCnNlcXVlbmNlIG9mIHBvaW50cyAkKFx0bW1hdGhi
% Znt6fV9pLCBcdG1tYXRoYmZ7en1fe2kgKyAxfSwgXGxkb3RzLApcdG1tYXRoYmZ7en1fbikkIGZvciAk
% MSBcbGVxc2xhbnQgaSBcbGVxc2xhbnQgbiQuIE5vdyB0cmFpbiBzdWNjZXNzaXZlbHkgJGZfe1QKW2kg
% Ol19JCBhbmQgY29tcHV0ZSBpdHMgYWNjdXJhY3kgJGFfe1Rfe1tpIDpdfX0gKERfe1x0bW9we3Rlc3R9
% fSkkIG9uIHRoZQpoZWxkLW91dCB0ZXN0IHNldCwgdGhlbiBwbG90IGFsbCBudW1iZXJzLiBCeSB1c2lu
% ZyAkRF97XHRtb3B7dGVzdH19JCBvbmUKYXBwcm94aW1hdGVzIHRoZSBleHBlY3RlZCBhY2N1cmFjeSBk
% cm9wIG9uIHVuc2VlbiBkYXRhLiBCZWNhdXNlIHRoZSBwb2ludHMKcmVtb3ZlZCBoYXZlIGEgaGlnaCB2
% YWx1ZSwgb25lIGV4cGVjdHMgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgdG8gZHJvcCB2aXNpYmx5IHdydC4gYQpyYW5kb20g
% YmFzZWxpbmUue1xldG17NTd9fQoKe1xidG17NTh9fVxwYXJhZ3JhcGh7TG93LXZhbHVlIHBvaW50IHJl
% bW92YWwufSBUaGUgY29tcGxlbWVudGFyeSBleHBlcmltZW50IHJlbW92ZXMgZGF0YQppbiBpbmNyZWFz
% aW5nIG9yZGVyLCB3aXRoIGxvd2VzdCB2YWx1ZWQgcG9pbnRzIGZpcnN0LiBIZXJlIG9uZSBleHBlY3Rz
% CnBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIHRvIGluY3JlYXNlIHJlbGF0aXZlbHkgdG8gcmFuZG9tbHkgcmVtb3ZpbmcgcG9p
% bnRzIGJlZm9yZQp0cmFpbmluZy4gQWRkaXRpb25hbGx5LCBldmVyeSByZWFsIGRhdGFzZXQgd2lsbCBp
% bmNsdWRlIHNsaWdodGx5Cm91dC1vZi1kaXN0cmlidXRpb24gcG9pbnRzLCBzbyBvbmUgc2hvdWxkIGFs
% c28gZXhwZWN0IGFuIGFic29sdXRlIGluY3JlYXNlIGluCnBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIHdoZW4gc29tZSBvZiB0
% aGUgbG93ZXN0IHZhbHVlZCBwb2ludHMgYXJlIHJlbW92ZWQue1xldG17NTh9fQoKe1xidG17NTl9fVxw
% YXJhZ3JhcGh7VmFsdWUgdHJhbnNmZXIufShcQ3JlZntzZWM6dmFsdWUtdHJhbnNmZXJ9KSBUaGlzIGV4
% cGVyaW1lbnQKZXhwbG9yZXMgdGhlIGV4dGVudCB0byB3aGljaCBkYXRhIHZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCB3
% aXRoIG9uZSAoY2hlYXApIG1vZGVsIGNhbgpiZSB0cmFuc2ZlcnJlZCB0byBhbm90aGVyIChwb3RlbnRp
% YWxseSBtb3JlIGNvbXBsZXgpIG9uZS4gRGlmZmVyZW50CmNsYXNzaWZpZXJzIGFyZSB1c2VkIGFzIGEg
% c291cmNlIHRvIGNhbGN1bGF0ZSBkYXRhIHZhbHVlcy4gVGhlc2UgdmFsdWVzIGFyZQp0aGVuIHVzZWQg
% aW4gdGhlIHBvaW50IHJlbW92YWwgdGFza3MgZGVzY3JpYmVkIGFib3ZlLCBidXQgdXNpbmcgYSBkaWZm
% ZXJlbnQKKHRhcmdldCkgbW9kZWwgZm9yIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gb2YgdGhlIGFjY3VyYWNpZXMgJGFfe1Qg
% W2kgOl19JC4gQSBtdWx0aS1sYXllcgpwZXJjZXB0cm9uIGlzIGFkZGVkIGZvciBldmFsdWF0aW9uIGFz
% IHdlbGwue1xldG17NTl9fQoKe1xidG17NjB9fVxwYXJhZ3JhcGh7Tm9pc3kgbGFiZWwgZGV0ZWN0aW9u
% Ln0oXENyZWZ7c2VjOm5vaXNlLWRldGVjdGlvbn0pIFRoaXMgZXhwZXJpbWVudAp0ZXN0cyB0aGUgYWJp
% bGl0eSBvZiBhIG1ldGhvZCB0byBkZXRlY3QgbWlzbGFiZWxlZCBpbnN0YW5jZXMgaW4gdGhlIGRhdGEu
% IEEKZml4ZWQgZnJhY3Rpb24gJFxhbHBoYSQgb2YgdGhlIHRyYWluaW5nIGRhdGEgYXJlIHBpY2tlZCBh
% dCByYW5kb20gYW5kIHRoZWlyCmxhYmVscyBmbGlwcGVkLiBEYXRhIHZhbHVlcyBhcmUgY29tcHV0ZWQs
% IHRoZW4gdGhlICRcYWxwaGEkLWZyYWN0aW9uIG9mCmxvd2VzdC12YWx1ZWQgcG9pbnRzIGFyZSBzZWxl
% Y3RlZCwgYW5kIHRoZSBvdmVybGFwIHdpdGggdGhlIHN1YnNldCBvZiBmbGlwcGVkCnBvaW50cyBpcyBj
% b21wdXRlZC5cZm9vdG5vdGV7e1xidG17NjAsOCwwLDB9fVRoaXMgc3ludGhldGljIGV4cGVyaW1lbnQg
% aXMgaG93ZXZlciBoYXJkIHRvIHB1dAppbnRvIHByYWN0aWNhbCB1c2UsIHNpbmNlIHRoZSBmcmFjdGlv
% biAkXGFscGhhJCBpcyBvZiBjb3Vyc2UgdW5rbm93biBpbgpwcmFjdGljZS57XGV0bXs2MCw4LDAsMH19
% fXtcZXRtezYwfX0KCntcYnRtezYxfX1ccGFyYWdyYXBoe1Jhbmsgc3RhYmlsaXR5Ln0oXENyZWZ7c2Vj
% OnJhbmstc3RhYmlsaXR5fSkgRm9sbG93aW5nCntcY2l0ZXB7d2FuZ19kYXRhXzIwMjJ9fSwgd2UgbG9v
% ayBhdCBob3cgc3RhYmxlIHRoZSB0b3AgJGskXCUgb2YgdGhlIHZhbHVlcyBpcwphY3Jvc3MgcnVucy4g
% UmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHkgb2YgYSBtZXRob2QgaXMgbmVjZXNzYXJ5IGJ1dCBub3Qgc3VmZmljaWVudCBm
% b3IKZ29vZCByZXN1bHRzLiBJZGVhbGx5IG9uZSB3YW50cyB0byBpZGVudGlmeSBoaWdoLXZhbHVlIHBv
% aW50cyByZWxpYWJseSAoZ29vZApwcmVjaXNpb24gYW5kIHJlY2FsbCkgYW5kIGNvbnNpc3RlbnRseSAo
% Z29vZCByYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSkue1xldG17NjF9fQoKe1xidG17NjJ9fVxwYXJhZ3JhcGh7V2VpZ2h0
% ZWQgQWNjdXJhY3kgRHJvcC59KFxDcmVme3NlYzp3YWR9KSBXaGlsZSBub3QgYSBuZXcgdGFzaywgdGhl
% CmF1dGhvcnMgb2Yge1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fSBpbnRyb2R1Y2UgdGhlIG1l
% dHJpYwp7XHRtZGZue1dlaWdodGVkIEFjY3VyYWN5IERyb3B9fSAoe1x0bW5hbWV7V0FEfX0pIGFzIGFu
% IGFnZ3JlZ2F0ZSB3YXkgb2YKbWVhc3VyaW5nIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGRyb3AgaW4gaGlnaC12YWx1ZSBw
% b2ludCByZW1vdmFsIHdpdGggYSBzaW5nbGUgc2NhbGFyLgpHaXZlbiBhIGZpeGVkIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBt
% ZXRob2QsIHdpdGggdGhlIG5vdGF0aW9uIGFib3ZlOntcZXRtezYyfX0KCntcYnRtezYzfX1cYmVnaW57
% ZXF1YXRpb259CiAgXGxhYmVse2VxOndhZH0gXHRtb3B7V0FEfSAoVCkgXGFzc2lnbiBcc3VtX3tqID0g
% MX1ebiBcZnJhY3sxfXtqfSAgXHN1bV97dCA9CiAgMX1eaiAoYV97VF97W3QgOl19fSAtIGFfe1Rfe1t0
% ICsgMSA6XX19KSBcYXBwcm94IChcbG9nIChuKSArIEMpIGFfe1Rfe1sxCiAgOl19fSAtIFxzdW1fe2og
% PSAxfV5uIFxmcmFjezF9e2p9IGFfe1Rfe1tqICsgMSA6XX19LApcZW5ke2VxdWF0aW9ufXtcZXRtezYz
% fX0KCntcYnRtezY0fX13aGVyZSB3ZSBzaW1wbGlmaWVkIHRoZSBleHByZXNzaW9uIGJ5IHVzaW5nIHRo
% ZSB0ZWxlc2NvcGljIG5hdHVyZSBvZiB0aGUgaW5uZXIKc3VtLCBhbmQgdGhlIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBhcHBy
% b3hpbWF0aW9uIG9mIHRoZSBoYXJtb25pYyBzZXJpZXMgZm9yIGxhcmdlICRuJCwKd2l0aCAkQyA+IDAk
% IGEgY29uc3RhbnQuIFRoaXMgd2VpZ2h0ZWQgbWVhbiBwbGFjZXMgbW9yZSB3ZWlnaHQgb24gdHJhaW5p
% bmcKd2l0aCB0aGUgaGlnaGVzdCB2YWx1ZWQgcG9pbnRzLCB3aGVyZSBvbmUgaG9wZXMgdG8gc2VlIHRo
% ZSBoaWdoZXN0IGRlY3JlYXNlIGluCmFjY3VyYWN5LiBOb3RlIHRoYXQgdW5kZXIgdGhlIHRoaXJkIHJh
% bmRvbW5lc3Mgc2NlbmFyaW8sIGkuZS4gd2hlbiBrZWVwaW5nIGFsbApidXQgdGhlIGlubmVyIHNhbXBs
% aW5nIG9mIG1ldGhvZHMgY29uc3RhbnQsIHRoZSB2YWx1ZSAkYV97VCBbMSA6XX0kIHdpbGwgYmUKZXF1
% YWwgZm9yIGFsbCBtZXRob2RzIGNvbXBhcmVkLCBtYWtpbmcgdGhlIGZpcnN0IHRlcm0gYSBjb25zdGFu
% dCBzaGlmdCwgYW5kCnRoZSBzZWNvbmQgdGVybSB0aGUgb25seSBlZmZlY3RpdmUgb25lLlxmb290bm90
% ZXt7XGJ0bXs2NCw3LDAsMH19VGhpcyBjaGFuZ2VzIGhvd2V2ZXIgaWYgb25lCnJldHJhaW5zIHdpdGgg
% ZGlmZmVyZW50IHNlZWRzIHRvIGNvbXB1dGUgYWNjdXJhY2llcy57XGV0bXs2NCw3LDAsMH19fXtcZXRt
% ezY0fX0KCntcYnRtezY1fX1XaGlsZSBXQUQgaXMgY29udmVuaWVudCBmb3IgY29tcGFyaXNvbiwgYW5k
% IGl0IGlzIHBvc3NpYmxlIHRvIGFkZCBjb25maWRlbmNlCmludGVydmFscyBhcyBpbiBcQ3JlZntmaWc6
% d2FkLWxyLWxyfSwgd2UgZmluZCB0aGF0IGl0IGhhcyBzZXZlcmFsIGRyYXdiYWNrcy4KRmlyc3QsIGl0
% IGlzIGVmZmVjdGl2ZWx5IGEgd2VpZ2h0ZWQgbWVhbiBvZiB0aGUgdGFpbCBhY2N1cmFjaWVzICRhX3tU
% IFtqICsgMQo6XX0kLCBmb3Igd2hpY2ggb25lIGNvdWxkIGFyZ3VlIHRoYXQgc3Ryb25nZXIgZGVjYXlz
% IG1ha2UgbW9yZSBzZW5zZSAobWF5YmUKZXZlbiBjbGlwcGluZykuIE1vcmUgaW1wb3J0YW50bHksIGl0
% IGRvZXMgbm90IHRha2UgaW50byBhY2NvdW50IHRoZQpoZXRlcm9zY2VkYXN0aWNpdHkgb2YgdGhlIGFj
% Y3VyYWN5LiBJbiBcQ3JlZntmaWc6YWNjLWxyLWxyfSB3ZSBjYW4gc2VlIHRoYXQKdGhlIDk1XCUgQ0kg
% dGVuZHMgdG8gZ3JvdyBhcyBkYXRhIGFyZSByZW1vdmVkIGZyb20gJFQkLCBwb3NzaWJseSByZWZsZWN0
% aW5nCnRoZSBmYWN0IHRoYXQgYWZ0ZXIgdGhlIGZldyBpbml0aWFsIGhpZ2ggdmFsdWVzLCBtYW55IGFy
% ZSB2ZXJ5IHNtYWxsLCBpbmR1Y2luZwpjaGFuZ2VzIGluIHRoZWlyIHJhbmtpbmcgKHNlZSBcQ3JlZntm
% aWc6dmFsdWUtZGVjYXl9IGZvciB0aGUgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uIG9mCnZhbHVlcykue1xldG17NjV9fQoK
% e1xidG17NjZ9fVxwYXJhZ3JhcGh7VmFyaWFuY2UgQWRqdXN0ZWQgUmVsYXRpdmUgV2VpZ2h0ZWQgQWNj
% dXJhY3kgRHJvcC59Rm9yIHRoZQphZm9yZW1lbnRpb25lZCByZWFzb24sIHdlIHByb3Bvc2UgYW4gYWRq
% dXN0bWVudCBiYXNlZCBvbiB0aGUgc3RhbmRhcmQgZXJyb3IuCldlIGFsc28gY29tcGFyZSB0byByYW5k
% b20gdmFsdWVzIGF0IHRoZSBzYW1lIHRpbWUgc3RlcCwgYW4gYXBwcm9hY2ggd2UgYmVsaWV2ZQp0byBi
% ZSBtb3JlIGluZm9ybWF0aXZlIGFuZCBlYXNpZXIgdG8gaW50ZXJwcmV0LiBGaW5hbGx5LCB3ZSBrZWVw
% IHRoZQpoeXBlcmJvbGljIGRlY2F5IHJhdGUgZm9yIGEgY2xvc2VyIGNvbXBhcmlzb24gdG8gV0FELCBh
% bmQgdG8gYXZvaWQgYW4KYWRkaXRpb25hbCBkZWdyZWUgb2YgZnJlZWRvbSBjaG9vc2luZyBkZWNheSBy
% YXRlcy57XGV0bXs2Nn19Cgp7XGJ0bXs2N319TGV0IHRoZSB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kcyBiZSBpbmRl
% eGVkIHdpdGggJGsgXGluIFx7IDAsIFxsZG90cywgbSBcfSQsIHdoZXJlICRrCj0gMCQgaXMgcmFuZG9t
% IHZhbHVhdGlvbi4gTGV0ICRwIFxpbiBceyAxLCBcbGRvdHMsIG5fe1x0bW9we3J1bnN9fSBcfSQgaW5k
% ZXgKcnVucy4gT3VyIHByb3Bvc2VkIG1ldHJpYyB7XHRtbmFtZXtWYXJXQUR9fSBmb3IgcnVuICRwJCBh
% bmQgbWV0aG9kICRrID4gMCQgaXMKZGVmaW5lZCBhcyB0aGUgYXZlcmFnZSB3ZWlnaHRlZCBkaWZmZXJl
% bmNlIHRvIHRoZSBtZWFuIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGFjaGlldmVkCndpdGggcmFuZG9tIHZhbHVlczp7XGV0
% bXs2N319CntcYnRtezY4fX1cYmVnaW57ZXF1YXRpb259CiAge1xidG17NjgsMCwwfX1cdG1vcHtWYXJX
% QUR9IChULCBwLCBrKSBcYXNzaWduIFxzdW1fe3QgPSAxfV5uIHdfayAodCkgIChhX3tUXnBfayBbdCA6
% XX0gLQogIFxvdmVybGluZXthfV97VF8wIFt0IDpdfSksIFxsYWJlbHtlcTp2YXJ3YWR9e1xldG17Njgs
% MCwwfX0KXGVuZHtlcXVhdGlvbn17XGV0bXs2OH19CntcYnRtezY5fX13aGVyZSAkXG92ZXJsaW5le2F9
% X3tUX2sgW3QgOl19IFxhc3NpZ24gXGZyYWN7MX17bl97XHRtb3B7cnVuc319fSAgXHN1bV97cCA9CjF9
% XntuX3tcdG1vcHtydW5zfX19IGFfe1Rfa15wIFt0IDpdfSQgaXMgdGhlIGF2ZXJhZ2UgcGVyZm9ybWFu
% Y2Ugb2YgdGhlCihmaXhlZCkgbW9kZWwgd2hlbiB0cmFpbmVkIG9uIHRoZSBzdWJzZXRzIG9mICRUJCBm
% cm9tIHRoZSAkdCQtdGggaW5kZXgKb253YXJkcywgYXMgc29ydGVkIGJ5IGRlY3JlYXNpbmcgdmFsdWUg
% YnkgbWV0aG9kICRrJCBpbiBhbGwgcnVucyAkcCQuIFRoZQpkaWZmZXJlbmNlcyBhcmUgd2VpZ2h0ZWQg
% YnkgaHlwZXJib2xpYyBkZWNheSBsaWtlIFdBRCwgYW5kIGJ5IHN0YW5kYXJkIGVycm9yCmF0IGVhY2gg
% dGltZS1zdGVwIGFjcm9zcyBhbGwgcnVuczogJHdfayAodCkgXGFzc2lnbiAoMSAtIFx0aWxkZXtzfV9r
% ICh0KSkgLwp0JCwgd2hlcmUgJFx0aWxkZXtzfV9rICh0KSA9IFxmcmFje3NfayAodCl9e1xtYXhfdCBz
% X2sgKHQpfSQgaXMgdGhlIG5vcm1hbGl6ZWQKc3RhbmRhcmQgZXJyb3IgJHNfayAodCkkIGFjcm9zcyBy
% dW5zIGF0IHRpbWUtc3RlcCAkdCQgZm9yIG1ldGhvZCAkayQuIFRoZQplZmZlY3Qgb2YgdGhpcyBjb3Jy
% ZWN0aW9uIGlzIHRvIGZ1cnRoZXIgcmVkdWNlIGNvbnRyaWJ1dGlvbnMgd2hlcmUgbm9pc2UgaXMKaGln
% aCwgYW5kIHRvIHNldCB0aGVtIHRvIDAgd2hlbiBpdCBpcyBhdCBpdHMgbWF4aW11bS57XGV0bXs2OX19
% Cgp7XGJ0bXs3MH19XHN1YnNlY3Rpb257UmFuZG9tbmVzcyBpbiB2YWx1ZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbnN9XGxh
% YmVse3NlYzpzb3VyY2VzLW9mLXJhbmRvbW5lc3N9e1xldG17NzB9fQoKe1xidG17NzF9fVRoZXJlIGFy
% ZSB0aHJlZSBwb3RlbnRpYWwgc291cmNlcyBvZiByYW5kb21uZXNzIHRoYXQgYWZmZWN0IHRoZSBjb21w
% dXRhdGlvbiBvZgpTaGFwbGV5LWxpa2UgdmFsdWVzLiBUaGUgZmlyc3QgdHdvIHN0ZW0gZnJvbSB0aGUg
% c3RvY2hhc3RpY2l0eSBvZiBtb2RlbApwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSwgd2hpbGUgdGhlIGxhc3Qgb25lIGlzIGR1
% ZSB0byB0aGUgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8gYXBwcm94aW1hdGlvbnMgb2YKdGhlIHZhbHVlOntcZXRtezcxfX0K
% e1xidG17NzJ9fVxiZWdpbntlbnVtZXJhdGV9CiAge1xidG17NzIsMCwwfX1caXRlbSBGb3IgYSBmaXhl
% ZCAkUyBcc3Vic2V0ZXEgVCQsIHRoZSB1dGlsaXR5ICR1IChTKSQgaXMgYWZmZWN0ZWQgYnkgdGhlCiAg
% cmFuZG9tbmVzcyBpbiB0aGUgdHJhaW5pbmcgYWxnb3JpdGhtIG1hcHBpbmcgJFMgXG1hcHN0byBmX1Mk
% LiBFLmcuIGZvciBTR0QsCiAgZGlmZmVyZW50IGluaXRpYWwgd2VpZ2h0cywgYW5kIGRpZmZlcmVudCBz
% ZXF1ZW5jZXMgb2YgbWluaWJhdGNoZXMgJChCX2opX3tqCiAgPSAxfV5OIFxzdWJzZXRlcSBTJCB3aWxs
% IHByb2R1Y2UgZGlmZmVyZW50IG1vZGVscyAkZl9TJC5cZm9vdG5vdGV7e1xidG17NzIsMCwwLDEyLDAs
% MH19SW4gb3VyCiAgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMgdGhpcyBpcyBob3dldmVyIG5vdCB0aGUgY2FzZSBmb3IgbW9z
% dCBtb2RlbHN7XGV0bXs3MiwwLDAsMTIsMCwwfX19e1xldG17NzIsMCwwfX0KICAKICB7XGJ0bXs3Miww
% LDF9fVxpdGVtIEZvciBhIGZpeGVkLCB0cmFpbmVkIG1vZGVsICRmX1MgJCwgdGhlcmUgd2lsbCBiZSBu
% b2lzZSBpbiB0aGUKICBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgc2NvcmUuIEUuZy4gdGhlIGFjY3VyYWN5ICRh
% X0QgKFMpJCBpcyBhbiBlbXBpcmljYWwgcmlzawogIGVzdGltYXRlIGZvciBzb21lIGxvc3MgJGwkIChl
% LmcuIDAtMSBsb3NzKSwgYW5kIHRoZSBkaXN0YW5jZSB0byB0aGUgdHJ1ZQogIHtcdG1kZm57Z2VuZXJh
% bGl6YXRpb24gZXJyb3J9fSAkXG1hdGhiYntFfV97WCwgWX0gW2wgKGZfUyAoWCksIFkpXSQgd2lsbAog
% IGRlcGVuZCBvbiB0aGUgY2hvaWNlIG9mIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBzZXQgJEQkLntcZXRtezcyLDAsMX19CiAg
% CiAge1xidG17NzIsMCwyfX1caXRlbSBUaGUgc2V0IG9mIHNhbXBsZXMgJFx7IFNfaiBcc3Vic2V0ZXEg
% VCA6IGogPSAxLCBcbGRvdHMsIE0gXH0kIHVzZWQgdG8KICBhcHByb3hpbWF0ZSB0aGUgc3VtcyBcQ3Jl
% ZntlcTpjb25kaXRpb25hbC1jd3N9IGFuZCBcQ3JlZntlcTpjd3MtdmFsdWV9LntcZXRtezcyLDAsMn19
% ClxlbmR7ZW51bWVyYXRlfXtcZXRtezcyfX0Ke1xidG17NzN9fUlmIG9uZSBpcyBpbnRlcmVzdGVkIGlu
% IGV2YWx1YXRpbmcgdGhlIGNvbnZlcmdlbmNlIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgb2YgYSBjZXJ0YWluCnZhbHVhdGlv
% biBtZXRob2QgKGUuZy4gaG93IGdvb2QgdGhlIE1vbnRlIENhcmxvIGFwcHJveGltYXRpb24gaXMpLCBv
% bmUgbXVzdApmb2N1cyBvbiB0aGUgdGhpcmQgaXRlbS4gT25lIGZyZWV6ZXMgdGhlIGRhdGFzZXQgc3Bs
% aXQsIHRoZSBjaG9pY2Ugb2Ygc3Vic2V0cwokXHsgU19qIFxzdWJzZXRlcSBUIDogaiA9IDEsIFxsZG90
% cywgTSBcfSQgYW5kIHV0aWxpdHkgY29tcHV0YXRpb25zICR1IChTX2opJAood2hpY2ggaXMgZXF1aXZh
% bGVudCB0byByZXRyYWluaW5nIHdpdGggdGhlIHNhbWUgc2VxdWVuY2Ugb2YgYmF0Y2hlcyAvCmluaXRp
% YWxpemF0aW9uIC8gcmFuZG9tIHNlZWQpLCBhbmQgY29tcHV0ZXMgdGhlIGRpZmZlcmVudCB2YWx1ZXMg
% d2l0aCB0aGVzZQpmaXhlZC4gQSBuZXcgcnVuIG9mIHRoZSBleHBlcmltZW50IHdpbGwga2VlcCB0aGUg
% c3BsaXQsIGJ1dCBzYW1wbGUgdGhlIHN1YnNldHMKJFNfaiQgYW5ldyBhbmQgY29tcHV0ZSBhbnkgbmV3
% IHV0aWxpdGllcyAkdSAoU19qKSQsIHJldXNpbmcgdGhlIHJlc3VsdHMgZm9yCmFsbCB2YWx1YXRpb24g
% bWV0aG9kcy4gVGhpcyBpcyB0aGUgYXBwcm9hY2ggd2UgZm9sbG93IHdoZW5ldmVyIHBvc3NpYmxlLntc
% ZXRtezczfX0KCntcYnRtezc0fX1Ib3dldmVyLCB0aGUgYWJvdmUgcHJvY2VkdXJlIGNhbiBwcm9kdWNl
% IHJlc3VsdHMgd2hpY2ggYXJlIG1pc2xlYWRpbmcgZnJvbSBhCnByYWN0aXRpb25lcidzIHBvaW50IG9m
% IHZpZXcuIElmIGludGVyZXN0ZWQgaW4gdGhlIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGBgaW4gdGhlCndpbGQnJywgb25l
% IHdhbnRzIHRvIGF0IGxlYXN0IGNvbnNpZGVyIHRoZSBzZW5zaXRpdml0eSBvZiB0aGUgbWV0aG9kIHRv
% IHRoZQp2YXJpYW5jZSBpbiB0aGUgZXN0aW1hdGlvbiBvZiBnZW5lcmFsaXphdGlvbiBlcnJvciwgbWFp
% bmx5IGluIG9yZGVyIHRvCnVuZGVyc3RhbmQgdGhlIGltcGFjdCB0aGF0IHRoZSBzaXplIG9mICREJCBo
% YXMuXGZvb3Rub3Rle3tcYnRtezc0LDMsMCwwfX1Ob3RlIHRoYXQgaXQgaXMgbm90CnRoZSBtYWduaXR1
% ZGUgb2YgdGhpcyBlcnJvciBpbiBpdHNlbGYsIGJ1dCB0aGUgdmFyaWF0aW9uIGluIHZhbHVlIHJhbmtp
% bmcgYXMgYQpmdW5jdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgY2hvaWNlIG9mICREJCB0aGF0IGlzIG9mIGludGVyZXN0LiBO
% b3RlIGFsc28gdGhhdCB3ZSBhcmUKYXNzdW1pbmcgaS5pLmQuIHNhbXBsZXMgYnV0IG9mIGNvdXJzZSAk
% RCQgbWlnaHQgY29udGFpbiBvdXRsaWVycywgYW5kCm1pc2xhYmVsZWQgb3IgY29ycnVwdCBkYXRhLCB0
% aHVzIGRpc3RvcnRpbmcgdmFsdWUgY29tcHV0YXRpb25zLntcZXRtezc0LDMsMCwwfX19IEluIGFkZGl0
% aW9uLAppdCBpcyBjcnVjaWFsIHRvIGNvbnNpZGVyIHRoZSBzdGFiaWxpdHkgb2YgdGhlIHZhbHVhdGlv
% biBwcm9jZWR1cmUgd3J0LiBub2lzZQppbiAkdSAoUykkLCBlLmcuIGZvciB1bnN0YWJsZSBzdG9jaGFz
% dGljIHRyYWluaW5nIHByb2NlZHVyZXMuIEFzIGRpc2N1c3NlZAphYm92ZSwgbWV0aG9kcyBsaWtlIEJl
% dGEtU2hhcGxleSBhbmQgREIgdHJ5IHRvIHRhY2tsZSB0aGlzIHdpdGggYmV0dGVyIGNob2ljZXMKZm9y
% IHRoZSB3ZWlnaHRzIG9mIG1hcmdpbmFsIGNvbnRyaWJ1dGlvbnMue1xldG17NzR9fQoKe1xidG17NzV9
% fVxzdWJzZWN0aW9ue0ltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGRldGFpbHN9e1xldG17NzV9fQoKe1xidG17NzZ9fVdl
% IHJhbiBhbGwgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMgd2l0aCB0aGUgbWV0aG9kIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9ucyBhdmFpbGFi
% bGUgaW4gdGhlIG9wZW4Kc291cmNlIGxpYnJhcnkge1x0bW5hbWV7UHlEVkx9fSB2MC44LjAgKHtcY2l0
% ZXB7dHJhbnNmZXJsYWJfcHlkdmxfMjAyMn19KSwgb24Kc2V2ZXJhbCBoaWdoLWNwdSBWTXMgb2YgYSBj
% bG91ZCB2ZW5kb3IuIFdlIGluaXRpYWxseSB1c2VkIHtcdG1uYW1le0RWQ319IHRvCm9yZ2FuaXplIHRo
% ZSBleHBlcmltZW50IHBpcGVsaW5lcywgYnV0IGxvY2stZmlsZSB3cml0aW5nIHRpbWVzIGFmdGVyIGVh
% Y2gKY29tYmluYXRpb24gb2YgcGFyYW1ldGVycyB3aGVyZSB0b28gbG9uZyAoaW4gdGhlIHNldmVyYWwg
% bWludXRlcyBlYWNoIHRpbWUpLgpEZXNwaXRlIGEgcmFtZGlzayBiZWluZyBhIHBvdGVudGlhbCB3b3Jr
% YXJvdW5kLCB0aGlzIG1vdGl2YXRlZCBhIHN3aXRjaCB0bwp7XHRtbmFtZXtNTEZsb3d9fSAoe1xjaXRl
% cHt3aWxzb25fbWxmbG93XzIwMjN9fSkuIENvZGUgZm9yIGFsbCBvdXIgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMKaXMgYXZh
% aWxhYmxlIGluIHtcdG9kb3t9fSwgaW5jbHVkaW5nIGJvdGggc2V0dXBzLiBJbiBvcmRlciB0byBiZXN0
% IGNvbXBhcmUKbWV0aG9kcyBhbmQgbWF4aW1hbGx5IHJldXNlIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uLCB3ZSBlbXBsb3ll
% ZCB7XHRtbmFtZXtQeURWTH19J3MKY2FjaGluZyBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIGZvciB0aGUgdXRpbGl0eSBmdW5j
% dGlvbi57XGV0bXs3Nn19Cgp7XGJ0bXs3N319V2UgY29uc2lzdGVudGx5IG9ic2VydmVkIHNvbWUgZGlz
% Y3JlcGFuY2llcyBiZXR3ZWVuIHRoZSByZXN1bHRzIGluCntcY2l0ZXB7c2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8y
% MDIyfX0gYW5kIG91cnMsIG5hbWVseSBkaWZmZXJlbnQgYmFzZWxpbmUKcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugb2YgdGhl
% IGNsYXNzaWZpZXJzIGFjcm9zcyBzZXZlcmFsIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzLiBXZSBwcmVzdW1lCmRpZmZlcmVu
% dCBwcmUtcHJvY2Vzc2luZyBvciBzYW1wbGluZyBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIHRvIGJlIHRoZSBjYXVzZSBidXQg
% Zm91bmQgdGhlCmlzc3VlIG9mIG5vIGNvbnNlcXVlbmNlIGZvciB0aGUgcHVycG9zZXMgb2YgdGhpcyBy
% ZXBvcnQue1xldG17Nzd9fQoKe1xidG17Nzh9fVxzZWN0aW9ue1Jlc3VsdHN9XGxhYmVse3NlYzpyZXN1
% bHRzfXtcZXRtezc4fX0KCntcYnRtezc5fX1XZSByZXBlYXQgYWxsIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzIDIwIHRpbWVz
% LCBrZWVwaW5nIHRoZSBkYXRhIHNwbGl0cyBjb25zdGFudCBhbmQKcmV1c2luZyB1dGlsaXR5IGNvbXB1
% dGF0aW9ucyB3aGVuZXZlciBwb3NzaWJsZS4gQWxsIHBsb3RzIHVzZSA5NVwlIGNlbnRlcmVkCnBlcmNl
% bnRpbGUgYm9vdHN0cmFwIGNvbmZpZGVuY2UgaW50ZXJ2YWxzIHdpdGggMTAwMDAgc2FtcGxlcywgdW5s
% ZXNzIG90aGVyd2lzZQpzdGF0ZWQuIFRoaXMgYXBwcm9hY2ggaXMgYmV0dGVyIHN1aXRlZCB0aGFuIE5v
% cm1hbCBDSXMgZm9yIHJhbmRvbSB2YXJpYWJsZXMKdGhhdCBhcmUgbm90IG5vcm1hbGx5IGRpc3RyaWJ1
% dGVkIChsaWtlIGFjY3VyYWN5IG51bWJlcnMpIGFuZCBmb3Igd2hpY2ggb25seSBhCmZldyBkYXRhIGFy
% ZSBhdmFpbGFibGUuIFRoZSBjb25zZXF1ZW5jZSBpcyB0aGF0IG91ciBjb25maWRlbmNlIGludGVydmFs
% cyB0ZW5kCnRvIGJlIGxhcmdlciB0aGFuIHRob3NlIHNlZW4gaW4ge1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFw
% bGV5XzIwMjJ9fSBhbmQgb3RoZXIKbGl0ZXJhdHVyZS57XGV0bXs3OX19Cgp7XGJ0bXs4MH19Qm94IHBs
% b3RzIGRpc3BsYXkgMXN0IGFuZCAzcmQgYm9vdHN0cmFwIHF1YXJ0aWxlcywgYWxzbyB1c2luZyAxMDAw
% MCBzYW1wbGVzLntcZXRtezgwfX0KCntcYnRtezgxfX1cc3Vic2VjdGlvbntEYXRhc2V0IGNoYXJhY3Rl
% cmlzdGljc31cbGFiZWx7c2VjOmRhdGFzZXQtY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzfXtcZXRtezgxfX0KCntcYnRt
% ezgyfX1XZSBzdGFydCB3aXRoIFxDcmVme2NsYWltOmRldHJpbWVudGFsLXBvaW50c30sIG5hbWVseSB0
% aGUgZXhpc3RlbmNlIG9mIGEKY2VydGFpbiB0eXBlIG9mIHBvaW50cyBpbiBkYXRhc2V0cyBhbmQgdGhl
% IHN1aXRhYmlsaXR5IG9mIENTIHRvIGFkZHJlc3MgaXQuIFdlCmxvb2sgYXQgYWdncmVnYXRlIHN0YXRp
% c3RpY3Mgb3ZlciBzdWJzZXRzIG9mICRUJDogd2UgY29tcHV0ZSBpbi1jbGFzcyBhY2N1cmFjeQokYV9T
% ICAoRF97XHRtbWF0aGJme3l9X2l9KSBcYXNzaWduIFxsZWZ0KCBcdGV4dHtcIyBjb3JyZWN0IHByZWRp
% Y3Rpb25zIG92ZXIgfQpEX3tcdG1tYXRoYmZ7eX1faX0gXHJpZ2h0KSAvIHxEfCQsIGFuZCBnbG9iYWwg
% YWNjdXJhY3kgY2hhbmdlcyBmb3IgZWFjaAp0cmFpbmluZyBwb2ludCwgYXZlcmFnZWQgb3ZlciBzdWJz
% ZXRzICRTIFxzdWJzZXRlcSBUJC4gQnkgdXNpbmcgY29uc3RhbnQKY29lZmZpY2llbnRzIGluIHRoZSBh
% dmVyYWdlcywgdGhleSBjb2luY2lkZSB3aXRoIEJhbnpoYWYgdmFsdWVzCiR2X3tcdG1vcHtpbn19JCwg
% JHZfe1x0bW9we2dsb2J9fSQgZm9yIHRoZSByZXNwZWN0aXZlIHdpdGhpbi1jbGFzcywgYW5kIGdsb2Jh
% bAphY2N1cmFjeSB1dGlsaXRpZXMuIFdlIGxvb2sgYXQgdGhlIGZyYWN0aW9uIG9mIHBvaW50cyBpbiBl
% YWNoIGRhdGFzZXQgdGhhdApoYXZlIGVpdGhlciAkdl97XHRtb3B7aW59fSA+IFx2YXJlcHNpbG9uJCBh
% bmQgJHZfe1x0bW9we2dsb2J9fSA+IFx2YXJlcHNpbG9uJCwKb3IgJHZfe1x0bW9we2lufX0gPCAtIFx2
% YXJlcHNpbG9uJCBhbmQgJHZfe1x0bW9we2dsb2J9fSA+IFx2YXJlcHNpbG9uJCwgZm9yCnZhcmlvdXMg
% dmFsdWVzIG9mICRcdmFyZXBzaWxvbiA+IDAkLiBTdWNoIHBvaW50cyBhcmUgZ2xvYmFsbHkgdXNlZnVs
% IHRvIHRoZQptb2RlbCBidXQgZWl0aGVyIGJlbmVmaWNpYWwgKGRlbm90ZWQge1x0bXR0ez4+fX0pLCBv
% ciBkZXRyaW1lbnRhbCAoZGVub3RlZAp7XHRtdHR7PD59fSkgdG8gdGhlaXIgb3duIGNsYXNzLCByZXNw
% ZWN0aXZlbHkuIENTIGlzIGRlc2lnbmVkIHRvIGdpdmUgbW9yZQp3ZWlnaHQgdG8gdGhlIGZvcm1lciB0
% aGFuIHRvIHRoZSBsYXR0ZXIgYW5kIGlzIGV4cGVjdGVkIHRvIGV4Y2VsIGZvciBkYXRhc2V0cwppbiB3
% aGljaCB0aGUgbGF0dGVyIGFib3VuZC57XGV0bXs4Mn19Cgp7XGJ0bXs4M319SW4gXENyZWZ7ZmlnOmRh
% dGFzZXQtY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzfSB3ZSBzZWUgdGhhdCB7XHRtbmFtZXtDUFV9fSwKe1x0bW5hbWV7
% RGlhYmV0ZXN9fSwge1x0bW5hbWV7Rk1OSVNULWJpbmFyeX19IGFuZCB7XHRtbmFtZXtNTklTVC1iaW5h
% cnl9fQpjb250YWluIG5vbi1uZWdsaWdpYmxlIGFtb3VudHMgb2YgcG9pbnRzIG9mIHR5cGUge1x0bXR0
% ezw+fX0sIHNvbWV0aW1lcyBhcwptdWNoIGFzIHJvdWdobHkgNDBcJSBhcyBtYW55IGFzIG9mIHR5cGUg
% e1x0bXR0ez4+fX0uIEhvd2V2ZXIsIGRlc3BpdGUKc3VnZ2VzdGl2ZSB0cmVuZHMsIHRoZXJlIGlzIG5v
% IGNsZWFyIGNvcnJlbGF0aW9uIGJldHdlZW4gdGhlIGZyZXF1ZW5jeSAoYW5kCm1hZ25pdHVkZSkgb2Yg
% dGhlIHBoZW5vbWVub24sIGFuZCB0aGUgZ2FpbiBpbiBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBvZiBDUyB3cnQuIG90aGVy
% Cm1ldGhvZHMsIGFzIGNhbiBiZSBzZWVuIGUuZy4gaW4gXENyZWZ7ZmlnOmFjYy1sci1scixmaWc6dmFy
% d2FkLWxyLWxyfTogZm9yCntcdG1uYW1le0NQVX19IGFuZCB7XHRtbmFtZXtEaWFiZXRlc319LCBDUyBz
% ZWVtcyB0byBsZXZlcmFnZSB0aGUgcHJlc2VuY2Ugb2YKe1x0bXR0ezw+fX0gcG9pbnRzLCBidXQgdGhp
% cyBpcyBubyBsb25nZXIgdGhlIGNhc2UgZm9yCntcdG1uYW1le0ZNTklTVC1iaW5hcnl9fSwgYW5kIGFs
% c28gbm90IGV4Y2x1c2l2ZSBvZiB0aGVzZSBkYXRhc2V0cy4gVGhpcwpyYXRoZXIgaW5jb25jbHVzaXZl
% IHJlc3VsdCBsZWF2ZXMgb3BlbiB0aGUgcXVlc3Rpb24gb2YgaG93IG11Y2ggb2YgYW4gZWZmZWN0CnRo
% ZSB1dGlsaXR5IFxDcmVme2VxOmN3cy1zY29yZXJ9IGhhcywgd2l0aGluIHRoZSBtYW55IHNvdXJjZXMg
% b2YgdW5jZXJ0YWludHkKaW52b2x2ZWQue1xldG17ODN9fQoKe1xidG17ODR9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1cmV9
% W2hdCiAge1xidG17ODQsMCwwfX1ccmVzaXplYm94ezFcY29sdW1ud2lkdGh9eyF9e1xpbmNsdWRlZ3Jh
% cGhpY3N7Li4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi90aHJl
% c2hvbGRfY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzL3RocmVzaG9sZF9jaGFyYWN0ZXJpc3RpY3MucGRmfX17XGV0bXs4
% NCwwLDB9fQogIFxjYXB0aW9ue1xsYWJlbHtmaWc6ZGF0YXNldC1jaGFyYWN0ZXJpc3RpY3N9UHJldmFs
% ZW5jZSBvZiBkYXRhIHdoaWNoCiAgcG9zaXRpdmVseSBvciBuZWdhdGl2ZWx5IGFmZmVjdHMgaW4tY2xh
% c3MgYWNjdXJhY3kgd2hpbGUgaW5jcmVhc2luZyBnbG9iYWwKICBhY2N1cmFjeS4gVGhlIGFic2Npc3Nh
% IGlzIGNoYW5nZSBpbiBhdmVyYWdlIG1hcmdpbmFsIGFjY3VyYWN5LiBBIHBvaW50IG9uCiAgdGhlIHtc
% dG10dHs8Pn19IGN1cnZlIGF0ICQoeCwgeSkkIG1lYW5zIHRoYXQgYSBmcmFjdGlvbiAkeSBcaW4gWzAs
% IDFdJCBvZgogIHRoZSBkYXRhIHNpbXVsdGFuZW91c2x5IGluZHVjZSBhIG1hcmdpbmFsIGluLWNsYXNz
% IGFjY3VyYWN5IGRlY3JlYXNlIGFuZCBhCiAgZ2xvYmFsIGFjY3VyYWN5IGluY3JlYXNlIG9mICR4JCwg
% YXZlcmFnZWQgb3ZlciBtdWx0aXBsZSBzdWJzZXRzICRTIFxzdWJzZXRlcQogIFQkLiBXZSBub3RlIHRo
% YXQsIHN1cnByaXNpbmdseSwgdGhlIGNsYXNzIHtcdG10dHs+PH19IChub3QgcGxvdHRlZCkgY29udGFp
% bnMKICBhbnl3aGVyZSBmcm9tIDEwIHRvIDM1XCUgb2Ygc2FtcGxlcyBmb3IgbW9zdCBkYXRhc2V0cyBh
% dCAkXHZhcmVwc2lsb24gPSAwJC4KICBGb3IgdGhlIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIgY2FzZSBvZiB7XHRtbmFtZXtD
% bGlja319LCBhbG1vc3QgNTBcJSBvZiB0aGUgc2FtcGxlcyBhcmUKICBpbiB7XHRtdHR7PDx9fSwgcG9z
% c2libHkgaW5kaWNhdGluZyB0aGF0IHRoZSBtb2RlbCBsYWNrcyBjYXBhY2l0eX0KXGVuZHtmaWd1cmV9
% e1xldG17ODR9fQoKe1xidG17ODV9fVxzdWJzZWN0aW9ue0hpZ2gtdmFsdWUgcG9pbnQgcmVtb3ZhbH1c
% bGFiZWx7c2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWV9e1xldG17ODV9fQoKe1xidG17ODZ9fVdlIGNvbnRpbnVlIHdpdGgg
% XENyZWZ7Y2xhaW06Y3Mtb3V0cGVyZm9ybXN9LiBJbiBcQ3JlZntmaWc6YWNjLWxyLWxyfSB3ZSBhcmUK
% YWJsZSB0byByZXByb2R1Y2UgdGhlIGV4cGVyaW1lbnQgaW4ge1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hfY3NzaGFwbGV5
% XzIwMjJ9fSwgYWxiZWl0CndpdGggd2lkZXIgY29uZmlkZW5jZSBpbnRlcnZhbHMgYW5kIHNvbWUgc3B1
% cmlvdXMgZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMuIFRoZSBleGNlcHRpb24KaXMge1x0bW5hbWV7Q2xpY2t9fSwgd2hlcmUg
% d2UgYmVsaWV2ZSBjbGFzcyBpbWJhbGFuY2UgdG8gZGlzdG9ydCByZXN1bHRzOgpkZXNwaXRlIG91ciBi
% ZXN0IGVmZm9ydHMsIGFuZCBzdHJhdGlmaWVkIHNhbXBsaW5nLCBhbGwgbWV0aG9kcyBleGNlcHQgZm9y
% IERCCmZhaWwgY29tcGxldGVseSBhdCB0aGUgdGFzayBmb3IgdGhpcyBkYXRhc2V0LiBFeHBlcmltZW50
% YXRpb24gd2l0aCBtdWx0aXBsZQp0cmFpbmluZyBzZXQgc3BsaXRzIChub3QgZGVwaWN0ZWQpIHNob3dz
% IHRoYXQgdGhlIGdlbmVyYWwgdHJlbmRzIGFyZSByZXNwZWN0ZWQKdW5kZXIgZnVsbCByYW5kb21uZXNz
% LCBpbmRpY2F0aW5nIHRoYXQgZm9yIHRoZSByZW1haW5pbmcgZGF0YXNldHMsIGRpZmZlcmVuY2VzCnRv
% IHtcY2l0ZXB7c2Nob2NoX2Nzc2hhcGxleV8yMDIyfX0gYXJlIG1vc3RseSBhcnRpZmFjdHMgb2YgdGhl
% IGRhdGEgc3BsaXQuIFdlCnJlZmVyIHRvIFxDcmVme2FwcDpoaWdoLXZhbHVlfSBmb3IgdGhlIGV2YWx1
% YXRpb24gd2l0aCBvdGhlciBtb2RlbHMue1xldG17ODZ9fQoKe1xidG17ODd9fVF1YWxpdGF0aXZlbHks
% IENTIGlzIG91dHBlcmZvcm1lZCBieSB0aGUgbmV3bHkgYWRkZWQgbWV0aG9kLCBEQiwgb24gOCBvdXQg
% b2YgOQpkYXRhc2V0cywgYXMgc2VlbiBieSB0aGUgc2hhcnAgaW5pdGlhbCBkZWNyZWFzZSBpbiBhY2N1
% cmFjaWVzLiBMQyBmYWlscyB0bwpwZXJmb3JtIGluIHNldmVyYWwgY2FzZXMgd2l0aCB0aGUgbm90YWJs
% ZSBleGNlcHRpb24gb2Yge1x0bW5hbWV7UGhvbmVtZX19LAp3aGVyZSBpdCBpcyB1bmV4cGVjdGVkbHkg
% b24gcGFyIHdpdGggREIuIEZvciBhIHN1bW1hcnkgZXZhbHVhdGlvbiB3aXRoIFdBRCBhbmQKVmFyV0FE
% IHNlZSBcQ3JlZntzZWM6d2FkfS57XGV0bXs4N319Cgp7XGJ0bXs4OH19XGJlZ2lue2ZpZ3VyZX1baF0K
% ICBccmVzaXplYm94ezFcY29sdW1ud2lkdGh9eyF9e1xpbmNsdWRlZ3JhcGhpY3N7Li4vb3V0cHV0L3Bs
% b3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJh
% Y3lfZHJvcF9sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uLnBkZn19CiAgXGNhcHRpb257XGxhYmVse2ZpZzphY2Mt
% bHItbHJ9QWNjdXJhY3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24gbW9kZWwsCiAgZm9yIHZh
% bHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCB1c2luZyBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uLiAkeCQtYXhpcyBpcyBudW1iZXIg
% b2YKICBoaWdoZXN0LXZhbHVlIHNhbXBsZXMgcmVtb3ZlZCBmcm9tIHRoZSB0cmFpbmluZyBzZXQufQpc
% ZW5ke2ZpZ3VyZX17XGV0bXs4OH19Cgp7XGJ0bXs4OX19XHN1YnNlY3Rpb257VmFsdWUgdHJhbnNmZXJ9
% XGxhYmVse3NlYzp2YWx1ZS10cmFuc2Zlcn17XGV0bXs4OX19Cgp7XGJ0bXs5MH19Rm9yIFxDcmVme2Ns
% YWltOmNzLXRyYW5zZmVyYWJpbGl0eX0sIHdlIHRyYW5zZmVyIHZhbHVlcyBmcm9tIGVhY2ggb2YgdGhl
% IDQKbW9kZWxzIHRvIHRoZSByZW1haW5pbmcgb25lcywgcGx1cyBhIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3JrLCByZXN1
% bHRpbmcgaW4gYSBtYXRyaXggb2YKMjAgZXhwZXJpbWVudHMuIEZvciBicmV2aXR5LCB3ZSByZXBvcnQg
% b25seSBvbiB0aGUgdHJhbnNmZXIgZnJvbSBsb2dpc3RpYwpyZWdyZXNzaW9uLCB0byBhIG5ldXJhbCBu
% ZXR3b3JrLCBhbmQgYSBncmFkaWVudCBib29zdGluZyBjbGFzc2lmaWVyIGZvcgpldmFsdWF0aW9uLCB3
% aGljaCB0aGUgc2l0dWF0aW9uIG9mIGludGVyZXN0OiBjaGVhcCB2YWx1ZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiwKZXhw
% ZW5zaXZlIGV2YWx1YXRpb24uIEZvciB0aGUgcmVtYWluaW5nIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRzLCB3ZSByZWZlciB0
% bwpcQ3JlZnthcHA6dmFsdWUtdHJhbnNmZXJ9LntcZXRtezkwfX0KCntcYnRtezkxfX1XaXRoIHRoZSBu
% ZXVyYWwgbmV0d29yayBhcyB0YXJnZXQgKFxDcmVme2ZpZzp0cmFuc2Zlci1sci1tbHB9KSwgd2Ugb2Jz
% ZXJ2ZQpzaW1pbGFyIGJlaGF2aW91ciBhcyB7XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19LCBh
% Z2FpbiB3aXRoIHRoZSBleGNlcHRpb24Kb2YgdGhlIGRhdGFzZXQge1x0bW5hbWV7Q2xpY2t9fS4gSW4g
% b3VyIGNhc2UgdGhlIGFkZGl0aW9uIG9mIERCIGNoYW5nZXMgYWdhaW4KdGhlIGxhbmRzY2FwZSwgc2lu
% Y2UgaXQgZG9lcyBiZXR0ZXIgaW4gOCBvdXQgb2YgOSBkYXRhc2V0cy4gSW50ZXJlc3RpbmdseSwgQ1MK
% ZXhjZWxzIGF0IHRoZSBpbWJhbGFuY2VkIG11bHRpLWNsYXNzIHByb2JsZW0uIFRoZSB0cmVuZHMgYXJl
% IHNpbWlsYXIgZm9yIGFsbApvdGhlciB0cmFuc2ZlcnMgdG8gdGhlIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3JrLntcZXRt
% ezkxfX0KCntcYnRtezkyfX1cYmVnaW57ZmlndXJlfVtoXQogIHtcYnRtezkyLDAsMH19XHJlc2l6ZWJv
% eHsxXGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXshfXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9y
% ZW1vdmFsL2xvZ2lzdGljX3JlZ3Jlc3Npb24vY3VydmVzL3dlaWdodGVkX2FjY3VyYWN5X2Ryb3BfbWxw
% LnBkZn19e1xldG17OTIsMCwwfX0KICBcY2FwdGlvbntcbGFiZWx7ZmlnOnRyYW5zZmVyLWxyLW1scH1B
% Y2N1cmFjeSBkcm9wIG9mIGEgZnVsbHkgY29ubmVjdGVkCiAgbmV1cmFsIG5ldHdvcmssIGZvciB2YWx1
% ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbi59ClxlbmR7ZmlndXJlfXtcZXRtezky
% fX0KCntcYnRtezkzfX1Gb3IgdGhlIHRyYW5zZmVyIHRvIGEgZ3JhZGllbnQgYm9vc3RpbmcgY2xhc3Np
% ZmllcgooXENyZWZ7ZmlnOnRyYW5zZmVyLWxyLWdifSksIHdlIGV4cGVyaWVuY2UgbXVjaCBoaWdoZXIg
% dmFyaWFuY2UgdGhhbgp7XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19LCBsZWFkaW5nIHRvIHRo
% ZSBjb25jbHVzaW9uIHRoYXQge1x0bWVte2FsbH19Cm1ldGhvZHMgYXJlIGluZWZmZWN0aXZlIGZvciBh
% bGwgYnV0IDMgZGF0YXNldHMuIEluIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIsIHdlIHNlZQpuZWdsaWdpYmxlIGluaXRpYWwg
% cGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgZHJvcCBmb3IgNCBvdXQgb2YgOSBkYXRhc2V0cyBhbmQgYWxsIG1ldGhvZHMsCmlu
% dmFsaWRhdGluZyB0aGUgY2xhaW0gdGhhdCB0aGUgbW9zdCBpbmZsdWVudGlhbCBzYW1wbGVzIGFyZSBh
% c3NpZ25lZCB0aGUKaGlnaGVzdCB2YWx1ZXMuIFRoZXNlLCBhbmQgc2ltaWxhciBtaXhlZCByZXN1bHRz
% IGZvciBvdGhlciBtb2RlbHMgbGVhZCB1cyB0bwpxdWVzdGlvbiB0aGUgcHJhY3RpY2FsaXR5IG9mIHZh
% bHVlIHRyYW5zZmVyIGFjcm9zcyBtb2RlbHMue1xldG17OTN9fQoKe1xidG17OTR9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1
% cmV9W2hdCiAgXHJlc2l6ZWJveHsxXGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXshfXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291
% dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFsL2xvZ2lzdGljX3JlZ3Jlc3Npb24vY3VydmVzL3dlaWdodGVk
% X2FjY3VyYWN5X2Ryb3BfZ3JhZGllbnRfYm9vc3RpbmdfY2xhc3NpZmllci5wZGZ9fQogIFxjYXB0aW9u
% e1xsYWJlbHtmaWc6dHJhbnNmZXItbHItZ2J9QWNjdXJhY3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGdyYWRpZW50IGJvb3N0
% aW5nCiAgY2xhc3NpZmllciwgZm9yIHZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCB1c2luZyBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNz
% aW9uLn0KXGVuZHtmaWd1cmV9e1xldG17OTR9fQoKe1xidG17OTV9fVxzdWJzZWN0aW9ue05vaXNlIGRl
% dGVjdGlvbn1cbGFiZWx7c2VjOm5vaXNlLWRldGVjdGlvbn17XGV0bXs5NX19Cgp7XGJ0bXs5Nn19V2Ug
% c2VlIHNsaWdodGx5IGRpZmZlcmVudCByZXN1bHRzIGZyb20gdGhvc2UgaW4Ke1xjaXRlcHtzY2hvY2hf
% Y3NzaGFwbGV5XzIwMjJ9fTogVE1DUyB0ZW5kcyB0byBwZXJmb3JtIGFzIHdlbGwgYXMsIG9yIGJldHRl
% cgp0aGFuIENTIGluIG1vc3QgY2FzZXMsIHdoaWxlIEJldGEgU2hhcGxleSBkb2VzIG11Y2ggd29yc2Uu
% IFRoaXMgaXMgYmVzdCBzZWVuCmluIHRoZSBBVUMgYm94IHBsb3Qgb2YgXENyZWZ7ZmlnOmF1Yy1scn0s
% IHdoZXJlIG1lZGlhbiBBVUMgZm9yIFRNQ1MgaXMKdHlwaWNhbGx5IGJldHRlciB0aGFuIGZvciBDUy4g
% SW50ZXJlc3RpbmdseSwgdGhlIHR3byBjYXNlcyB3aGVyZSBDUyBjbGVhcmx5CndpbnMgYXJlIHRoZSBp
% bWJhbGFuY2VkIGRhdGFzZXRzIHtcdG1uYW1le0NsaWNrfX0gYW5kIHtcdG1uYW1le0NvdmVydHlwZX19
% LntcZXRtezk2fX0KCntcYnRtezk3fX1GaW5hbGx5LCB3ZSBvYnNlcnZlIHRoYXQgREIgcGVyZm9ybXMg
% cXVpdGUgcG9vcmx5LCBpbmRpY2F0aW5nIGluc2Vuc2l0aXZpdHkgdG8KbGFiZWwgY29ycnVwdGlvbi4g
% SXQgaXMgdW5jbGVhciB3aHkgdGhpcyBoYXBwZW5zLCBidXQgb3VyIGJlc3QgZ3Vlc3MgZm9yIHRoaXMK
% cGhlbm9tZW5vbiBpcyB0aGF0IGdpdmVuIGEgc21hbGwgZnJhY3Rpb24gJFxhbHBoYSQgb2YgY29ycnVw
% dGVkIGxhYmVscywgdGhleQp3aWxsIGJlIHBvb3JseSByZXByZXNlbnRlZCBhbW9uZyB0aGUgc21hbGxl
% ciBzYW1wbGUgc2l6ZXMgJHwgUyB8JCwgYW5kIGhhdmUKbmVnbGlnaWJsZSBlZmZlY3Qgb24gdGhlIHV0
% aWxpdHkgZm9yIHRoZSBsYXJnZXIgc3Vic2V0cywgd2hlcmUgdGhleSBhcHBlYXIKbW9yZSBvZnRlbiwg
% d2hpbGUgYWx3YXlzIGJlaW5nIHdlaWdodGVkIHdpdGggdGhlIHNhbWUgY29lZmZpY2llbnRzLntcZXRt
% ezk3fX0KCntcYnRtezk4fX1cYmVnaW57ZmlndXJlfVtoXQogIFxyZXNpemVib3h7MVxjb2x1bW53aWR0
% aH17IX17XGluY2x1ZGVncmFwaGljc3suLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvbm9pc2VfcmVtb3ZhbC9sb2dpc3Rp
% Y19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2N1cnZlcy9wcmVjaXNpb25fcmVjYWxsLnBkZn19CiAgXGNhcHRpb257XGxhYmVs
% e2ZpZzpwcmVjaXNpb24tcmVjYWxsLWxyfVByZWNpc2lvbi1SZWNhbGwgY3VydmUgZm9yIG5vaXN5CiAg
% bGFiZWwgZGV0ZWN0aW9uIHVzaW5nIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24gYW5kIDIwXCUgb2YgdGhlIGxh
% YmVscyBjb3JydXB0ZWQuCiAge1x0bWRmbntQcmVjaXNpb259fSBpcyB0aGUgZnJhY3Rpb24gb2Ygbm9p
% c3kgc2FtcGxlcyBhbW9uZyB0aGUgdG9wICRrJAogIHZhbHVlcy4ge1x0bWRmbntSZWNhbGx9fSBpcyB0
% aGUgZnJhY3Rpb24gb2YgYWxsIG5vaXN5IHNhbXBsZXMgaWRlbnRpZmllZC59ClxlbmR7ZmlndXJlfXtc
% ZXRtezk4fX0KCntcYnRtezk5fX1cYmVnaW57ZmlndXJlfVtoXQogIFxyZXNpemVib3h7MVxjb2x1bW53
% aWR0aH17IX17XGluY2x1ZGVncmFwaGljc3suLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvbm9pc2VfcmVtb3ZhbC9sb2dp
% c3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2JveHBsb3RzL3JvY19hdWMucHJlY2lzaW9uX3JlY2FsbC5ib3gucGRmfX0K
% ICBcY2FwdGlvbntcbGFiZWx7ZmlnOmF1Yy1scn1BVUMgZm9yIFxDcmVme2ZpZzpwcmVjaXNpb24tcmVj
% YWxsLWxyfSwgbm9pc2UKICBkZXRlY3Rpb24gd2l0aCB2YWx1ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgbG9naXN0
% aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbi59ClxlbmR7ZmlndXJlfXtcZXRtezk5fX0KCntcYnRtezEwMH19XHN1YnNlY3Rp
% b257V0FEIGFuZCBWYXJXQUR9XGxhYmVse3NlYzp3YWR9e1xldG17MTAwfX0KCntcYnRtezEwMX19Rm9s
% bG93aW5nIHRoZSBkaXNjdXNzaW9uIGluIFxDcmVme3NlYzpldmFsdWF0aW9uLWRhdGEtdmFsfSwgd2Ug
% Y29tcHV0ZSBXQUQKKHdpdGggYWRkaXRpb25hbCBlcnJvciBiYXJzKSBpbiBcQ3JlZntmaWc6d2FkLWxy
% LWxyfSBmb3IgdGhlIHNhbWUgaGlnaC12YWx1ZQpyZW1vdmFsIHRhc2sgb2YgXENyZWZ7c2VjOmhpZ2gt
% dmFsdWV9LiBXZSB0aGVuIGNvbXBhcmUgdGhpcyB0byBWYXJXQUQKXENyZWZ7ZXE6dmFyd2FkfSwgd2hp
% Y2ggd2UgcHJvcG9zZSBhcyBhIG1vcmUgaW5mb3JtYXRpdmUgbWVhc3VyZSBvZiBhZ2dyZWdhdGUKcGVy
% Zm9ybWFuY2UsIHRoYXQgYmV0dGVyIHJlZmxlY3RzIHRoZSB2YXJpYWJpbGl0eSBpbiBwZXJmb3JtYW5j
% ZSBkcm9we1xldG17MTAxfX0KCntcYnRtezEwMn19VG8gc2VlIHRoaXMsIGNvbnNpZGVyIGRhdGFzZXQg
% e1x0bW5hbWV7Q2xpY2t9fSBpbgpcQ3JlZntmaWc6YWNjLWxyLWxyLGZpZzp3YWQtbHItbHIsZmlnOnZh
% cndhZC1sci1scn06IERCIGV4aGliaXRzIG11Y2ggYmV0dGVyCnBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIHRoYW4gb3RoZXIg
% bWV0aG9kcywgYWxiZWl0IHdpdGggaGlnaCB2YXJpYWJpbGl0eSwgYW5kIHlldCBXQUQKcmVwb3J0cyBz
% aW1pbGFyIHZhbHVlcy4gVmFyV0FEIG1vcmUgYWNjdXJhdGVseSBkZXBpY3RzIHRoZSBzaXR1YXRpb24g
% c2V0dGluZwpEQiBhcGFydCwgd2hpbGUgY29ycmVjdGx5IHJlcG9ydGluZyBvbiBpdHMgaGlnaCB2YXJp
% YW5jZS4gV2UgaGF2ZSBhIHNpbWlsYXIKc2l0dWF0aW9uIGluIHtcdG1uYW1le01OSVNULW11bHRpfX0s
% IHdoZXJlIFdBRCBpbmNvcnJlY3RseSByYW5rcyBUTUNTIGFib3ZlCkRCLCBidXQgVmFyV0FEIHlpZWxk
% cyB0aGUgaW50dWl0aXZlbHkgY29ycmVjdCBvcmRlcmluZy4gT3IgaW4ge1x0bW5hbWV7Q1BVfX0sCndo
% ZXJlIExDIGlzIHJlbG9jYXRlZCBhaGVhZCBvZiBCZXRhIFNoYXBsZXksIHN3YXBwaW5nIHRoZSBvcmRl
% ciByZXBvcnRlZCBieQpXQUQue1xldG17MTAyfX0KCntcYnRtezEwM319V2hpbGUgd2UgYmVsaWV2ZSBW
% YXJXQUQgdGVuZHMgdG8gcHJvdmlkZSBhIG1vcmUgdXNlZnVsIGRlc2NyaXB0aW9uIG9mIHRoZQpzaXR1
% YXRpb24sIHRoZXNlIGFyZSBhbGwgcXVhbGl0YXRpdmUgb2JzZXJ2YXRpb25zIGFuZCBzb21ld2hhdCBh
% cmJpdHJhcnkKY2hvaWNlcy4gSXQgaXMgdGh1cyBpbXBvcnRhbnQgdG8gZGVzaWduIGJldHRlciBtZXRy
% aWNzIHRvIGNvbXBhcmUgdGhlc2UKbWV0aG9kcy57XGV0bXsxMDN9fQoKe1xidG17MTA0fX1cYmVnaW57
% ZmlndXJlfVtoXQogIFxyZXNpemVib3h7MVxjb2x1bW53aWR0aH17IX17XGluY2x1ZGVncmFwaGljc3su
% Li9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2JveHBsb3RzL2dl
% b21ldHJpY193ZWlnaHRlZF9kcm9wLndlaWdodGVkX2FjY3VyYWN5X2Ryb3BfbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVz
% c2lvbi5ib3gucGRmfX0KICBcY2FwdGlvbntcbGFiZWx7ZmlnOndhZC1sci1scn1XQUQgZm9yIGFsbCBk
% YXRhc2V0cy4gVmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1dGVkIHdpdGggYQogIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24gdXRpbGl0
% eSBhbmQgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGxvZ2lzdGljIHJlZ3Jlc3Npb24KICBtb2RlbC4gQmVj
% YXVzZSB3ZSBoYXZlIGZpeGVkIHRoZSBkYXRhc2V0IHNwbGl0IGFuZCByZXVzZSB1dGlsaXR5IHZhbHVl
% cywgTE9PCiAgZXhoaWJpdHMgbm8gdmFyaWFuY2UufQpcZW5ke2ZpZ3VyZX17XGV0bXsxMDR9fQoKe1xi
% dG17MTA1fX1cYmVnaW57ZmlndXJlfVtoXQogIFxyZXNpemVib3h7MVxjb2x1bW53aWR0aH17IX17XGlu
% Y2x1ZGVncmFwaGljc3suLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNz
% aW9uL2JveHBsb3RzL3ZhcndhZC1sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uLmJveC5wZGZ9fQogIFxjYXB0aW9u
% e1xsYWJlbHtmaWc6dmFyd2FkLWxyLWxyfVZhcldBRCBmb3IgbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbiB2YWx1
% ZXMgYW5kCiAgcG9pbnQgcmVtb3ZhbCB1c2luZyBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIGZvciBldmFsdWF0
% aW9uIGFzIGRlcGljdGVkIGluCiAgXENyZWZ7ZmlnOmFjYy1sci1scn0uIFBvc2l0aXZlIG51bWJlcnMg
% aW5kaWNhdGUgcmVsYXRpdmUgaW1wcm92ZW1lbnQgd3J0LiB0bwogIHJhbmRvbSB2YWx1ZXMuIEJlY2F1
% c2Ugd2UgaGF2ZSBmaXhlZCB0aGUgZGF0YXNldCBzcGxpdCBhbmQgcmV1c2UgdXRpbGl0eQogIHZhbHVl
% cywgTE9PIGV4aGliaXRzIG5vIHZhcmlhbmNlLn0KXGVuZHtmaWd1cmV9e1xldG17MTA1fX0KCntcYnRt
% ezEwNn19XHN1YnNlY3Rpb257UmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHl9XGxhYmVse3NlYzpyYW5rLXN0YWJpbGl0eX17
% XGV0bXsxMDZ9fQoKe1xidG17MTA3fX1BIGNydWNpYWwgcXVlc3Rpb24gaW4gcHJhY3RpY2UgaXMgaG93
% IHN0YWJsZSBpcyB0aGUgcmFua2luZyBvZiB0cmFpbmluZyBwb2ludHMKYnkgdmFsdWVzIGFjcm9zcyBy
% dW5zLiBXZSBsb29rIGF0IHRoaXMgaW4gXENyZWZ7ZmlnOnJhbmstc3RhYmlsaXR5fSBieQpwbG90dGlu
% ZyB0aGUgcGVyY2VudGFnZSBvZiBpbmRpY2VzIGFtb25nIHRoZSB0b3AgJGskXCUgd2hpY2ggY29uc2lz
% dGVudGx5IG1ha2UKaXQgdG8gdGhlc2UgdG9wIHBvc2l0aW9ucywgYWNyb3NzIGFsbCBydW5zLiBBIHZh
% bHVlIG9mIDEwMFwlIGZvciBhbnkgZ2l2ZW4gJGskCm1lYW5zIHRoZW4gdGhhdCB0aGUgdG9wICRrJFwl
% IGluZGljZXMgYnkgdmFsdWUgcmVtYWluIGNvbnN0YW50IGluIGV2ZXJ5CmV4ZWN1dGlvbiBvZiB0aGUg
% bWV0aG9kLntcZXRtezEwN319Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMDh9fVRoZSBmaXJzdCBvYnNlcnZhdGlvbiBpcyB0aGF0
% IGJvdGggQmV0YSBTaGFwbGV5IGFuZCBUTUNTIGVudGlyZWx5IGZhaWwgdG8ga2VlcAphbnkgZnJhY3Rp
% b24gb2YgcG9pbnRzIGFtb25nIHRoZSBoaWdoZXN0IHZhbHVlZCBhY3Jvc3MgcnVucy4gVGhpcyBpbnN0
% YWJpbGl0eQphY2NvdW50cyBmb3IgdGhlaXIgaW5hYmlsaXR5IHRvIGluZHVjZSBzdGFyayBjaGFuZ2Vz
% IGluIGFjY3VyYWN5IHdoZW4gcmVtb3ZpbmcKdGhlIGZpcnN0IHBvaW50cywgYXMgc2VlbiBpbiBcQ3Jl
% ZntzZWM6aGlnaC12YWx1ZX0uIE5leHQgd2UgcmVtYXJrIGFuCmludHJpZ3VpbmcgcGhlbm9tZW5vbiwg
% bmFtZWx5IENTIGJlaW5nIG1vcmUgc3RhYmxlIHRoYW4gREIgZGVzcGl0ZSB0aGUgbGF0dGVyCmJlaW5n
% IHNwZWNpZmljYWxseSBkZXNpZ25lZCB3aXRoIHRoaXMgaW4gbWluZCBhbmQgYWxzbyBvdXRwZXJmb3Jt
% aW5nIHRoZQpmb3JtZXIgaW4gaGlnaC12YWx1ZSByZW1vdmFsLiBXZSBjYW4gcHJvcG9zZSB0aGUgZm9s
% bG93aW5nIGV4cGxhbmF0aW9uIGZvciB0aGUKc2Vjb25kIGZhY3Q6IERCIGlzIG5vaXNpZXIgYnV0IHNl
% bGVjdHMgYmV0dGVyIHBvaW50cy4gVGhpcyBpcyBjb3Jyb2JvcmF0ZWQgYnkKdGhlIGZhc3RlciBkcm9w
% IGFuZCB3aWRlciBjb25maWRlbmNlIGludGVydmFscyBzZWVuIGluIFxDcmVme2ZpZzphY2MtbHItbHJ9
% LntcZXRtezEwOH19Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMDl9fUdlbmVyYWxseSBzcGVha2luZywgd2Ugb2JzZXJ2ZSBob3dl
% dmVyIHBvb3Igc3RhYmlsaXR5IGFjcm9zcyBhbGwgZGF0YXNldHMgYW5kCm1ldGhvZHMuIEdpdmVuIHRo
% YXQgdGhlIG1vZGVsIHVzZWQgaXMgZGV0ZXJtaW5pc3RpYywgdGhpcyBtZWFucyB0aGF0IHRoZSBnaXZl
% bgpjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIGJ1ZGdldCBpcyBpbnN1ZmZpY2llbnQgZm9yIGFjY3VyYXRlIHZhbHVlIGVz
% dGltYXRpb24uIFRoaXMgYmVpbmcKYSByZXByb2R1Y3Rpb24sIHdlIHJlbWFpbmVkIGZhaXRoZnVsIHRv
% IHRoZSBzZXR1cCBpbgp7XGNpdGVwe3NjaG9jaF9jc3NoYXBsZXlfMjAyMn19LCBidXQgYmVsaWV2ZSB0
% aGF0IGEgYmV0dGVyIHByYWN0aWNhbAp1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nIG9mIHNhbXBsZSBjb21wbGV4aXR5IGlz
% IHJlcXVpcmVkIGZvciBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIEZvcgpkZXRlcm1pbmlzdGljIG1ldGhvZHMsIHtcY2l0
% ZXB7bWFsZWtpX2JvdW5kaW5nXzIwMTR9fSB3ZXJlIHRoZSBmaXJzdCB0bwpwcm92aWRlIEhvZWZmZGlu
% Zy10eXBlIGJvdW5kcywgd2hpY2ggaW1wbHkgdXAgdG8gdHdvIG9yZGVycyBvZiBtYWduaXR1ZGUgbW9y
% ZQpNb250ZSBDYXJsbyBzYW1wbGVzIGZvciBhbiBhcHByb3hpbWF0aW9uIHdpdGggJFx2YXJlcHNpbG9u
% ID0gMC4wMSQgYWNjdXJhY3kKd2l0aCBwcm9iYWJpbGl0eSAwLjk1LiBUaGUgbW9zdCBpbmZsdWVudGlh
% bCBjb25zdGFudCBpbiB0aGUgYm91bmQgaXMgYSBmYWN0b3IKJFx2YXJlcHNpbG9uXnstIDJ9JCwgYW5k
% IHRoZSBjaG9pY2Ugb2YgdGhpcyB0b2xlcmFuY2Ugd2lsbCBkZXBlbmQgb24gdGhlCm51bWJlciBvZiB0
% cmFpbmluZyBwb2ludHMuIEZvciBTaGFwbGV5IHZhbHVlcywgbGFyZ2VyIGRhdGFzZXRzIGltcGx5IHNo
% b3J0ZXIKaW50ZXJ2YWxzIGJldHdlZW4gdmFsdWVzIGJlY2F1c2Ugb2YgdGhlIHtcdG1lbXtlZmZpY2ll
% bmN5CmF4aW9tfX0uXGZvb3Rub3Rle1RoaXMgYXhpb20gc3RhdGVzIHRoYXQgdGhlIHN1bSBvZiBhbGwg
% dGhlIHZhbHVlcyBtdXN0IGVxdWFsCnRoZSB0b3RhbCB1dGlsaXR5LCBhbmQgaXMgZnVsZmlsbGVkIGJ5
% IFNoYXBsZXkgdmFsdWVzLiBGb3IgTUwgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIGl0CmhhcyBiZWVuIGFyZ3VlZCB0aGF0
% IGl0IGlzIG5vdCBlc3NlbnRpYWwgdG8gYGBkaXN0cmlidXRlJycgYSBmaXhlZCBhbW91bnQgb2YKdXRp
% bGl0eSBhbW9uZyBhbGwgdHJhaW5pbmcgcG9pbnRzIHtcY2l0ZXB7a3dvbl9iZXRhXzIwMjJ9fSwgYW5k
% IHNlbWktdmFsdWVzCmxpa2UgQlMgb3IgREIgZGlzcGVuc2Ugd2l0aCBpdC59IEJ1dCBtb3JlIGltcG9y
% dGFudGx5IGl0IHdpbGwgYWxzbyBkZXBlbmQgb24KdGhlIHJhbmssIGJlY2F1c2UgbW9zdCB2YWx1ZXMg
% YXJlIGNvbmNlbnRyYXRlZCBhcm91bmQgemVybyBhbmQgd2l0aCB2ZXJ5CmxpdHRsZSBkaXN0YW5jZSBi
% ZXR3ZWVuIGVhY2ggb3RoZXIsIGFzIHNlZW4gaW4gXENyZWZ7ZmlnOnZhbHVlLWRlY2F5fS4gRnVydGhl
% cgpib3VuZHMgaW4gdGhlIGxpdGVyYXR1cmUgcHJvdmUgZXZlbiBoYXJkZXIgdG8gYXBwbHkgaW4gcHJh
% Y3RpY2UsIGUuZy4gdGhvc2UgaW4Ke1xjaXRlcHt3YXRzb25fYWNjZWxlcmF0ZWRfMjAyM319LiBBbGwg
% dGhpcyBtZWFucyB0aGF0IGl0IGlzIGluIGZhY3QgdmVyeQpkaWZmaWN1bHQgdG8gY2hvb3NlIHRoZSBj
% b25zdGFudHMgYSBwcmlvcmkuIEFuZCB0aGUgc2l0dWF0aW9uIGluIHRoZSBjYXNlIG9mCnN0b2NoYXN0
% aWMgdXRpbGl0aWVzIGlzIGNsZWFybHkgZXZlbiB3b3JzZSwgYXMgZXhwbGFpbmVkIGluCntcY2l0ZXB7
% d2FuZ19kYXRhXzIwMjJ9fS57XGV0bXsxMDl9fQoKe1xidG17MTEwfX1cYmVnaW57ZmlndXJlfVtoXQog
% IFxyZXNpemVib3h7MVxjb2x1bW53aWR0aH17IX17XGluY2x1ZGVncmFwaGljc3suLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxv
% dHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9sb2dpc3RpY19yZWdyZXNzaW9uL2N1cnZlcy9yYW5rX3N0YWJpbGl0eS5w
% ZGZ9fQogIFxjYXB0aW9ue1xsYWJlbHtmaWc6cmFuay1zdGFiaWxpdHl9UmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHkgb2Yg
% YWxsIG1ldGhvZHMuIFBlcmNlbnRhZ2UKICBvZiBpbmRpY2VzICgkeSQtYXhpcykgdGhhdCByZW1haW4g
% YW1vbmcgdGhlIHRvcCAkayRcJSAoJHgkLWF4aXMpIGFjcm9zcyBhbGwKICAyMCBydW5zLiBWYWx1ZXMg
% Y29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgYSBsb2dpc3RpYyByZWdyZXNzaW9uIG1vZGVsLiBMT08gaXMgZXhjbHVkZWQK
% ICBiZWNhdXNlIGl0cyByYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSBjdXJ2ZXMgYXJlIGVzc2VudGlhbGx5IGZsYXQgYXQg
% MSwgZHVlIHRvIHRoZQogIHRyYWluaW5nIHNldCBzcGxpdCAod2hpY2ggd2Uga2VlcCBjb25zdGFudCkg
% YmVpbmcgdGhlIGFsbW9zdCB1bmlxdWUgc291cmNlCiAgb2YgcmFuZG9tbmVzcyBmb3IgTE9PLiBTaW1p
% bGFybHkgd2UgbGVhdmUgb3V0IHJhbmRvbSB2YWx1ZXMgd2hpY2ggY2xlYXJseQogIGhhdmUgbm8gc3Rh
% YmlsaXR5Ln0KXGVuZHtmaWd1cmV9e1xldG17MTEwfX0KCntcYnRtezExMX19XHN1YnNlY3Rpb257VmFs
% dWUgZGVjYXl9XGxhYmVse3NlYzp2YWx1ZS1kZWNheX17XGV0bXsxMTF9fQoKe1xidG17MTEyfX1XZSBj
% b25jbHVkZSB3aXRoIGFuIGV4cGxvcmF0aW9uIG9mIHRoZSB2YWx1ZSBkaXN0cmlidXRpb25zIG92ZXIg
% ZGlmZmVyZW50CmRhdGFzZXRzLiBWYWx1ZXMgdGVuZCB0byBjb25jZW50cmF0ZSBhcm91bmQgdGhlIGV4
% dHJlbWEsIGZvbGxvd2luZyBhIHNoYXBlCmxpa2UgdGhlIHRhbmdlbnQgZnVuY3Rpb24uIEJlY2F1c2Ug
% b2Ygbm9pc2UsIG1pZC1yYW5nZSB2YWx1ZXMgYXJlIHRoZW4KdHlwaWNhbGx5IG5vdCBpbmZvcm1hdGl2
% ZS5cZm9vdG5vdGV7e1xidG17MTEyLDEsMCwwfX1XZSBub3RlIGluIHBhc3NpbmcgdGhhdCB0aGUgY2hh
% bmdlcyBpbgpjdXJ2YXR1cmUgb2YgdGhlIHZhbHVlIGRlY2F5IGZ1bmN0aW9uIG1pZ2h0IGJlIGdvb2Qg
% c3BvdHMgdG8gcGljayBmb3IKYXV0b21hdGljIHRocmVzaG9sZCBzZWxlY3Rpb24gaW4gaGlnaC0vbG93
% LXZhbHVlIHNhbXBsZSBpZGVudGlmaWNhdGlvbi57XGV0bXsxMTIsMSwwLDB9fX0KQ29udHJhcnkgdG8g
% b3VyIGV4cGVjdGF0aW9uLCB3ZSBvYnNlcnZlIG5vIGNsZWFyIGNvcnJlbGF0aW9uIGJldHdlZW4gdGhl
% CmNvbmNlbnRyYXRpb24gb2YgdmFsdWVzIGFuZCB0aGVpciByYW5rIHN0YWJpbGl0eSBvciB0aGUgbWV0
% aG9kJ3MgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Uue1xldG17MTEyfX0KCntcYnRtezExM319XGJlZ2lue2ZpZ3VyZX1baF0K
% ICBccmVzaXplYm94ezFcY29sdW1ud2lkdGh9eyF9e1xpbmNsdWRlZ3JhcGhpY3N7Li4vb3V0cHV0L3Bs
% b3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvbG9naXN0aWNfcmVncmVzc2lvbi9jdXJ2ZXMvdmFsdWVfZGVjYXktaGFs
% Zi5wZGZ9fQogIFxjYXB0aW9ue1xsYWJlbHtmaWc6dmFsdWUtZGVjYXl9VmFsdWUgZGVjYXkgKCR5JC1h
% eGlzKSBmb3IgYWxsIG1ldGhvZHMuCiAgJHgkLWF4aXMgaXMgdmFsdWUgcmFuay4gVmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1
% dGVkIG9uIGEgbG9naXN0aWMgcmVncmVzc2lvbiBtb2RlbCwKICBzb3J0ZWQgZGVjcmVhc2luZ2x5IGFu
% ZCBub3JtYWxpemVkIGZvciBjb21wYXJpc29uLiBcIDk5XCUgJHQkLXN0dWRlbnQKICBjb25maWRlbmNl
% IGludGVydmFsIG92ZXIgMjAgcnVucy59ClxlbmR7ZmlndXJlfXtcZXRtezExM319Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMTR9
% fVxzZWN0aW9ue0Rpc2N1c3Npb259e1xldG17MTE0fX0KCntcYnRtezExNX19QXMgaXMgb2Z0ZW4gdGhl
% IGNhc2Ugd2l0aCBkYXRhIHZhbHVhdGlvbiBtZXRob2RzLCB0aGUgbXVsdGlwbGUgc291cmNlcyBvZgpy
% YW5kb21uZXNzIG1ha2UgaXQgZGlmZmljdWx0IHRvIGRyYXcgY2xlYXItY3V0IGNvbmNsdXNpb25zLiBX
% ZSBoYXZlIGF0dGVtcHRlZAp0byBpc29sYXRlIHRoZSBldmFsdWF0aW9uIG9mIGNvbnZlcmdlbmNlIHBy
% b3BlcnRpZXMgb2YgdGhlIG1ldGhvZHMsIGFzCmRlc2NyaWJlZCBpbiBcQ3JlZntzZWM6c291cmNlcy1v
% Zi1yYW5kb21uZXNzfSwgYnV0IHRoZSBmYWN0IHJlbWFpbnMgdGhhdApzdG9jaGFzdGljaXR5IGluICR1
% IChTKSQgZHVlIHRvIHRyYWluaW5nIG9yIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gaXMgdGhlIG1ham9yIGh1cmRsZQooYmVz
% aWRlcyB0aW1lIGNvbXBsZXhpdHkpIHRoYXQgU2hhcGxleS1iYXNlZCB2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kcyBm
% YWNlLiBBbgppbnRlcmVzdGluZyBwYXRoIHRvIGV4cGxvcmUgcG9pbnRlZCB0byB1cyBieSBhIHJldmll
% d2VyIHdvdWxkIGJlIHRvIHVzZQpkaWZmZXJlbnQgd2VpZ2h0aW5nIHNjaGVtZSBpbiBcQ3JlZntlcTpj
% b25kaXRpb25hbC1jd3N9IGFuZApcQ3JlZntlcTpjd3MtdmFsdWV9LCBwZXJoYXBzIGxlYWRpbmcgdG8g
% YSBjbGFzcy1zcGVjaWZpYyBEYXRhIEJhbnpoYWYgbWV0aG9kCmluY29ycG9yYXRpbmcgdGhlIGJlc3Qg
% ZnJvbSBib3RoLntcZXRtezExNX19Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMTZ9fUl0IGlzIGFsYXMgbm90IHBvc3NpYmxlIHRv
% IHByb3ZpZGUgY2xlYXIgYWR2aWNlIHRvIGEgcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVyLCBvdGhlciB0aGFuCnBlcmhhcHMg
% dG8gcHJlZmVyIERCIGZvciBoaWdoLXZhbHVlIHBvaW50IGlkZW50aWZpY2F0aW9uLCBleGNlcHQgZm9y
% CmhpZ2hseS1pbWJhbGFuY2VkIG11bHRpLWNsYXNzIHByb2JsZW1zLntcZXRtezExNn19Cgp7XGJ0bXsx
% MTd9fVdlIGNhbm5vdCB1bmVxdWl2b2NhbGx5IHN1YnN0YW50aWF0ZSBcQ3JlZntjbGFpbTpkZXRyaW1l
% bnRhbC1wb2ludHN9IHdpdGggb3VyCmV4cGVyaW1lbnRzIGFuZCBtdXN0IGNvbmNsdWRlIHRoYXQsIHdo
% aWxlIGRlZmluaXRlbHkgcHJlc2VudCwgdGhlIHN1Y2Nlc3NlcyBvZgpDUyBtaWdodCBiZSBwYXJ0bHkg
% ZHVlIHRvIGl0cyB1bmlxdWUgdXRpbGl0eSBmdW5jdGlvbiwgcGFydGx5IHRvIHNhbXBsaW5nCnByb3Bl
% cnRpZXMgYW5kIG90aGVyIGZhY3RvcnMuIEFkZGl0aW9uYWxseSwgd2UgZmluZCB0aGF0IERCIG91dHBl
% cmZvcm1zIENTIGZvcgpoaWdoLXZhbHVlIHBvaW50IHJlbW92YWwsIHdoZXJlYXMgdGhlIHNpdHVhdGlv
% biBpcyByZXZlcnNlZCBpbiBub2lzZQpkZXRlY3Rpb24sIHBhcnRpYWxseSBpbnZhbGlkYXRpbmcgXENy
% ZWZ7Y2xhaW06Y3Mtb3V0cGVyZm9ybXN9IHdpdGhpbiB0aGUKY29udGV4dCBvZiB0aGUgbmV3IG1ldGhv
% ZHMgYWRkZWQuIEF0dGVtcHRzIGF0IHRyYW5zZmVycmluZyB2YWx1ZXMgZnJvbSA0Cm1vZGVscyB0byA1
% IHlpZWxkIG1peGVkIHJlc3VsdHMsIHdpdGggREIgYXMgYSB3aW5uZXIgaW4gbWFueSBzY2VuYXJpb3Ms
% IGJ1dApcQ3JlZntjbGFpbTpjcy10cmFuc2ZlcmFiaWxpdHl9IGNhbiBvbmx5IGJlIGFjY2VwdGVkIHdp
% dGggYSBncmFpbiBvZiBzYWx0LApnaXZlbiB0aGUgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGRpZmZpY3VsdGllcyBpbnZvbHZl
% ZC4gSW4gcGFydGljdWxhciwgdHJhbnNmZXJyZWQgdmFsdWVzCm1pZ2h0IG9ubHkgdXNlZnVsIGluIGFw
% cGxpY2F0aW9ucyB3aGVyZSBtYW51YWwgaW5zcGVjdGlvbiBvZiB0aGUgc2VsZWN0ZWQgZGF0YQppcyBw
% ZXJmb3JtZWQgKHdoaWNoIGlzIHdoYXQgd2UgcmVjb21tZW5kIGluIGFueSBjYXNlKS57XGV0bXsxMTd9
% fQoKe1xidG17MTE4fX1OZXh0LCB3aGlsZSBEQiBpcyBkZXNpZ25lZCBmb3IgcmFuayBzdGFiaWxpdHks
% IENTIHBlcmZvcm1zIGJldHRlciBpbiB0aGlzCnJlc3BlY3QgZm9yIG1hbnkgZGF0YXNldHMsIGFsdGhv
% dWdoIGl0IG11c3QgaWRlbnRpZnkgbGVzcyBpbXBvcnRhbnQgcG9pbnRzCnRoYW4gREIsIGdpdmVuIHRo
% ZSB3b3JzZSBjdXJ2ZXMgaW4gXENyZWZ7c2VjOmhpZ2gtdmFsdWV9LiBUaGlzIGBgZmFpbHVyZScnCm1p
% Z2h0IHdlbGwgYmUgZHVlIHRvIHRoZSB2ZXJ5IGxvdyBzYW1wbGUgcmVnaW1lLiBEQiBpcyBwcm92ZW4g
% dG8gYmUgYmVzdCBhdApjb21wZW5zYXRpbmcgZm9yIGEgd29yc3QtY2FzZSBub2lzeSB1dGlsaXR5LCBz
% aG93aW5nIHRoYXQgb3RoZXIgY2hvaWNlcyBvZgp2YWx1YXRpb24gbWV0aG9kIHdpbGwgYmUgcHJlZmVy
% YWJsZSBpbiBjZXJ0YWluIHNpdHVhdGlvbnMue1xldG17MTE4fX0KCntcYnRtezExOX19RmluYWxseSwg
% b3VyIHByb3Bvc2VkIG1ldHJpYyBcQ3JlZntlcTp2YXJ3YWR9IHRlbmRzIHRvIGNhcHR1cmUgcXVhbGl0
% YXRpdmUKYmVoYXZpb3VyIG9mIHRoZSBtZXRob2RzIGJldHRlciwgYnV0IHJlbWFpbnMgaGV1cmlzdGlj
% IGFuZCBhcmJpdHJhcnkue1xldG17MTE5fX0KCntcYnRtezEyMH19V2UgY29uY2x1ZGUgYnkgcmVtYXJr
% aW5nIHRoYXQgdGhlIGV2YWx1YXRpb25zIGhhdmUgYmVlbiBkb25lIGF0IGEgY29uc3RhbnQKY29tcHV0
% YXRpb25hbCBidWRnZXQgKGluIHRlcm1zIG9mIHV0aWxpdHkgZXZhbHVhdGlvbnMpIHdoZW4gcG9zc2li
% bGUsIGJ1dAp0aGF0LCBhcyBleHBsYWluZWQgaW4gXENyZWZ7c2VjOnJhbmstc3RhYmlsaXR5fSwgdGhp
% cyBidWRnZXQgbmVlZHMgdG8gYmUKaW5jcmVhc2VkIGZvciBtb3N0IG1ldGhvZHMgZm9yIHJlbGlhYmxl
% IHZhbHVlIGVzdGltYXRpb24uIE5ldmVydGhlbGVzcywgZmluYWwKcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgaW4gZG93bnN0
% cmVhbSB0YXNrcyBpcyB3aGF0IG1hdHRlcnMgaW4gdGhlIGVuZCBhbmQgbG93ZXIgYnVkZ2V0cwptaWdo
% dCB3b3JrIGp1c3QgZmluZS4gQWxsIGluIGFsbCwgbWFyZ2luYWwgY29udHJpYnV0aW9uLWJhc2VkIGRh
% dGEgdmFsdWF0aW9uCm1ldGhvZHMgb2YgdGhlIHNvcnQgY29uc2lkZXJlZCBpbiB0aGlzIHJlcHJvZHVj
% dGlvbiwgd2hpbGUgc3RpbGwgZmFyIGZyb20KYmVpbmcgZmlyZS1hbmQtZm9yZ2V0LCBhdXRvbWF0YWJs
% ZSBkYXRhIHNlbGVjdGlvbiBtZWNoYW5pc21zLCByZW1haW4gYSB0b29sIGluCnRoZSBiZWx0IG9mIGEg
% Y2F1dGlvdXMgcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVyIHdobyBhcHByZWNpYXRlcyB0aGUgdmFsdWUgb2Ygc3BlbmRpbmcg
% dGltZQpsb29raW5nIGF0IHRoZWlyIGRhdGEue1xldG17MTIwfX0KCntcYnRtezEyMX19XGJpYmxpb2dy
% YXBoeXN0eWxle3RtbHJ9XGJpYmxpb2dyYXBoeXt0bWxyLXJlLWNzc2hhcGxleS5iaWJ9e1xldG17MTIx
% fX0KCntcYnRtezEyMn19XGFwcGVuZGl4XHNlY3Rpb257QWRkaXRpb25hbCBleHBlcmltZW50c317XGV0
% bXsxMjJ9fQoKe1xidG17MTIzfX1cc3Vic2VjdGlvbntIaWdoLXZhbHVlIHBvaW50IHJlbW92YWx9XGxh
% YmVse2FwcDpoaWdoLXZhbHVlfXtcZXRtezEyM319Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMjR9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1cmV9W2hd
% CiAgXHJlc2l6ZWJveHsxXGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXshfXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291dHB1dC9w
% bG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFsL3N2bS9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9zdm0ucGRm
% fX0KICBcY2FwdGlvbntcbGFiZWx7ZmlnOmFjYy1zdm0tc3ZtfUFjY3VyYWN5IGRyb3Agb2YgYW4gU1ZN
% LCB3aXRoIHZhbHVlcwogIGNvbXB1dGVkIG9uIGFuIFNWTS59ClxlbmR7ZmlndXJlfXtcZXRtezEyNH19
% Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMjV9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1cmV9W2hdCiAgXHJlc2l6ZWJveHsxXGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXsh
% fXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1vdmFsL2tubi9jdXJ2ZXMv
% d2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9rbm4ucGRmfX0KICBcY2FwdGlvbntcbGFiZWx7ZmlnOmFjYy1r
% bm4ta25ufUFjY3VyYWN5IGRyb3Agb2YgYSBLTk4gY2xhc3NpZmllciwgd2l0aAogIHZhbHVlcyBjb21w
% dXRlZCBvbiBhIEtOTiBjbGFzc2lmaWVyLn0KXGVuZHtmaWd1cmV9e1xldG17MTI1fX0KCntcYnRtezEy
% Nn19XGJlZ2lue2ZpZ3VyZX1baF0KICBccmVzaXplYm94ezFcY29sdW1ud2lkdGh9eyF9e1xpbmNsdWRl
% Z3JhcGhpY3N7Li4vb3V0cHV0L3Bsb3RzL3BvaW50X3JlbW92YWwvZ3JhZGllbnRfYm9vc3RpbmdfY2xh
% c3NpZmllci9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9ncmFkaWVudF9ib29zdGluZ19jbGFz
% c2lmaWVyLnBkZn19CiAgXGNhcHRpb257XGxhYmVse2ZpZzphY2MtbWxwLW1scH1BY2N1cmFjeSBkcm9w
% IG9mIGdyYWRpZW50IGJvb3N0aW5nCiAgY2xhc3NpZmllciwgZm9yIHZhbHVlcyBjb21wdXRlZCB1c2lu
% ZyBhIGdyYWRpZW50IGJvb3N0aW5nIGNsYXNzaWZpZXIufQpcZW5ke2ZpZ3VyZX17XGV0bXsxMjZ9fQoK
% e1xidG17MTI3fX1cc3Vic2VjdGlvbntWYWx1ZSB0cmFuc2Zlcn1cbGFiZWx7YXBwOnZhbHVlLXRyYW5z
% ZmVyfXtcZXRtezEyN319Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMjh9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1cmV9W2hdCiAgXHJlc2l6ZWJveHsx
% XGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXshfXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9yZW1v
% dmFsL3N2bS9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9tbHAucGRmfX0KICBcY2FwdGlvbntc
% bGFiZWx7ZmlnOnRyYW5zZmVyLXN2bS1tbHB9QWNjdXJhY3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGZ1bGx5IGNvbm5lY3Rl
% ZAogIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3JrLCBmb3IgdmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1dGVkIHVzaW5nIGFuIFNWTS59ClxlbmR7
% ZmlndXJlfXtcZXRtezEyOH19Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMjl9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1cmV9W2hdCiAgXHJlc2l6ZWJv
% eHsxXGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXshfXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9y
% ZW1vdmFsL2tubi9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9tbHAucGRmfX0KICBcY2FwdGlv
% bntcbGFiZWx7ZmlnOnRyYW5zZmVyLWtubi1tbHB9QWNjdXJhY3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGZ1bGx5IGNvbm5l
% Y3RlZAogIG5ldXJhbCBuZXR3b3JrLCBmb3IgdmFsdWVzIGNvbXB1dGVkIHVzaW5nIEtOTi59ClxlbmR7
% ZmlndXJlfXtcZXRtezEyOX19Cgp7XGJ0bXsxMzB9fVxiZWdpbntmaWd1cmV9W2hdCiAgXHJlc2l6ZWJv
% eHsxXGNvbHVtbndpZHRofXshfXtcaW5jbHVkZWdyYXBoaWNzey4uL291dHB1dC9wbG90cy9wb2ludF9y
% ZW1vdmFsL3N2bS9jdXJ2ZXMvd2VpZ2h0ZWRfYWNjdXJhY3lfZHJvcF9ncmFkaWVudF9ib29zdGluZ19j
% bGFzc2lmaWVyLnBkZn19CiAgXGNhcHRpb257XGxhYmVse2ZpZzp0cmFuc2Zlci1zdm0tZ2J9QWNjdXJh
% Y3kgZHJvcCBvZiBhIGdyYWRpZW50IGJvb3N0aW5nCiAgY2xhc3NpZmllciwgZm9yIHZhbHVlcyBjb21w
% dXRlZCB1c2luZyBhbiBTVk0ufQpcZW5ke2ZpZ3VyZX17XGV0bXsxMzB9fQoKe1xidG17MTMxfX1cYmVn
% aW57ZmlndXJlfVtoXQogIFxyZXNpemVib3h7MVxjb2x1bW53aWR0aH17IX17XGluY2x1ZGVncmFwaGlj
% c3suLi9vdXRwdXQvcGxvdHMvcG9pbnRfcmVtb3ZhbC9rbm4vY3VydmVzL3dlaWdodGVkX2FjY3VyYWN5
% X2Ryb3BfZ3JhZGllbnRfYm9vc3RpbmdfY2xhc3NpZmllci5wZGZ9fQogIFxjYXB0aW9ue1xsYWJlbHtm
% aWc6dHJhbnNmZXIta25uLWdifUFjY3VyYWN5IGRyb3Agb2YgYSBncmFkaWVudCBib29zdGluZwogIGNs
% YXNzaWZpZXIsIGZvciB2YWx1ZXMgY29tcHV0ZWQgdXNpbmcgS05OLn0KXGVuZHtmaWd1cmV9e1xldG17
% MTMxfX0KClxlbmR7ZG9jdW1lbnR9Cg==
%%%%%%%%%% End TeXmacs source
